Hannah is looking for Betty's number. Larry called her last time they were at the park together. Hannah doesn't know Larry very well. Amanda suggests Hannah to text him. Hannah agrees to text Larry instead.   ...  .
Eric and Rob like Russian comedian's stand-up. They will watch some of his stand-ups on youtube now. They like his jokes about machines and trains.    Rob and Eric will talk to each other on Skype soon. They are in touch.
Lenny will buy the first or the third pair of purple trousers for Bob. Bob has four black trousers. Lenny will choose the one with the most outfit options for Bob and he will pick the best quality one.      .
Emma doesn't want to cook dinner tonight. She will tell Will when she gets home. Will will pick her up when he's back home.   He will love her. He and Emma will see each other later tonight. They love each other.
Jane is in Warsaw. Ollie has a party on the 18th. They will meet for lunch on Friday at 6 pm. Jane will bring the pastries she brought to the party. Jane is on her way back from Morocco. She will bring some sun and bring some whisky.
Benjamin, Elliot and Daniel are going to meet Hilary at the entrance to the conference hall at 2 pm to have lunch with some French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico. They will go to La Cantina to eat Italian cuisine. Hilary wants Benjamin to join them and take the keys.
Max will check out some good sites to buy clothes from. He likes browsing, trying on, looking in the mirror and seeing how he looks, but not always buying. For Payton, she prefers to browse, try on, and look in a mirror. She also likes to read.
Rita and Tina are bored at work. They both hate their jobs. They are not cut out for this level of boredom. They don't want to go back to work anymore. They feel the time is dragging on and on, and there's still 4 hours of work to go.
Beatrice will buy a scarf for Leo because he had a cold all the time last winter. He doesn't want one, because he doesn't like scarves. He was complaining the whole winter that he was going to die, so Beatrice has had enough.
Eric doesn't know if he's coming to Ivan's brother's wedding. Ivan will take care of Eric's parents. Eric will go if Ivan tells him to.   He will talk to his parents if Ivan wants him to do so.  Eric will come.
Wanda and Gina are planning a party. Wanda needs to make a list first. Gina will take her father's car and go do groceries with Wanda on Friday. Gina doesn't know if her father will agree to go with her, but she can ask him.
Martin won two cinema tickets for the new film with Redford online. He will see it with Aggie at the cinema at the end of the week. He has to write a short review on the movie mag website.    He will do that.
Charlee is in a theatre class at the university. She is preparing a performance in Portuguese. The writer of the play is Mrożek. Charlee is devising a Polish play translated into Portuguese. She will write the script for it.
Ella rented a car to go by car instead of the train. Mary and Tom are happy with the decision. Tom and Ella are going by car, not by train, because it makes the journey faster.    - Mary is happy with this decision.
Luke wants to join Netflix family. Paul will send him the login and password on Sunday. He will also send Luke the bank account details so he can wire Paul the money every month. Paul is on holidays with his girlfriend and they are going out tomorrow. They have been there less than 8 days.
Greg needs to stay after hours. He asks Betsy to pick Johnny up, but she can't do it. She needs to work long hours today and on Tuesdays Johnny is in the kindergarten. Greg will see what he can do about it.
Ethan sends Scott a photo of himself and Marshall. Toby and Marshall are making fun of Scott. Scott is not happy about it.    He thinks Ethan and Marshall make fun of him. He thinks they are all the same person. He doesn't like it.
Igor has a lot of work to do at work. He has only two weeks left of his notice period. John advises him to do what he has to do as it's the only way to show how he's really feeling at the end of the work.
Clara is rewatching Dear White People on Netflix. Neela hasn't seen it yet. It's about a fictional Ivy League University and the students in one House of Residence. The main character, Sam, presents a radio show on college radio. There is a Blackface party held by an elite group of white students, which gets out of hand. The black students try to break it up and there's an incident where Reggie gets a loaded gun pointed at him by a campus policeman. There's a young black guy called Lionel who is coming to terms with being gay and is finding his voice as a journalist.
Mike parked his car on Ernest's street today and took it into the garage. Someone crashed into a red Honda looking just like Mike's car and he's lucky to have parked it there. He doesn't want to park his car there anymore.
Beth and Deirdre are planning a girls weekend for Beth's mum's 40th birthday in 6 weeks. Beth would like to try working in a beauty salon. Maxine manages the beauty side of the salon. Beth will meet her tomorrow and they will see how it goes.
Gloria has 4 hours for all 4 parts of the exam. She sends Emma a link to a website with texts from previous years. Emma is going to read the texts from the website. She's going to take the exam in 4 hours with no breaks.
Adam and Karen are worried about May. May is depressed and doesn't want to see a specialist. Karen will call her friend who's a psychologist to get some advice about it.    Karen won't mention the name of the psychologist, but she will let Adam know what to do.
Mark lied to Anne that he was 30. Today Anne saw his passport and it turned out that he's 40. Anne is angry with Mark because he lied to her about his age and his identity. Irene and Jane are also angry with him for lying.
It's Wharton's birthday next week. He mentioned paper shredder once. Darlene, Heather and Walker will buy it for him. They will ask him if he really wants it and if he says yes, they will get it. The birthday party is tomorrow.
Ollie, Mickey and Jessica are talking about scary things. Kelly's place is a sculpture garden in Finnland, Ollie's Nagoro village in Japan, Mickey's is similar to Kelly's and Jessica's, but not the scariest. Mickey and Kelly are going to meet up soon.
Selah can't see the phone number of the person on the photo Myah sent her, so she needs to retype it. The person's phone is off, so Selah needs to send the photo again.   Â. Â
Bella and Eric were surprised by their boss's reaction to their decision to dismiss the request of a potential client. He was looking forward to bring in new clients from their current client's competitor.    Eric got appreciation for the right to dismiss a client.
Emma is at the rare of the bus. There are some free seats so she can have a nap. They are going to arrive to NY around 4.30 PM. Ben will come and wake Emma up at 4.15 PM.
Jesse, Lee, Melvin and Maxine are going to help the Refuge, a charity that helps women and children who escape from abuse. They will choose a wish list and chip in for the charity. They decide to split the list into 3 parts and divide the money.
Carter will lend Mary a few box in an hour at the train station. She is broke.       - Mary is going to borrow a box from Carter.  - Carter will lend a box to Mary in one hour, as he is at the station.
Charlotte asks Paula how to pronounce the name of the plant, Natal Lily. Paula tells Charlotte that the stress on the second syllable of the name is 2nd. Charlotte is happy to hear Paula's voice and sends her a file with the information.
May and Jack are going to have drinks later. May is a little stressed today. Jack thinks a drink will help her relax. May and Jack will have one or two drinks. May will join them later.   .     Â
Margaret has a terrible headache. Jack will buy her some painkillers to ease the pain. He suggests that she should rest instead.    - Jack.  - Margaret. - Margaret has a headache. - Jack, Margaret has painkiller. -
Serge is on his way to pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting. He has an outstanding bill to pay with the company. He will let Andrei know if it works out when he gets to the company's. Serge is getting of the metro now.
Janice's son wants her to get him a hamster for his birthday. Martina advises her not to do it as she got one for her son and it stank up the whole house and she doesn't want to buy it for Janice.
Mary and Lucas have both played DA Inquisition. Mary loves it to bits. Daniel has just started and he's trying to get used to the mechanics. Mary was sceptical at first, but she's now convinced it's better than DA 2 and she's on team Dorian.
Judy is attracted to jerks. It didn't work out with Andrew, because he wanted to have sex with her. Bruce is sweet, but Judy doesn't feel the butterflies about him, because of his caring nature.    Janice thinks Bruce is not a jerk.
Chloe is on TV. Riley thinks she looks drop dead gorgeous. James doesn't understand what Chloe is doing on the TV show.   He has found it.  It's a programme in which women undergo a complete metamorphosis and Chloe is one of them.
Ala is on her way to a meeting in the Emirate. She will let Tina know how the meeting went. Tina is at the airport waiting for her flight back home. The Emirate staff looks amazing. Tina will let Ala know how it went.
Sebastian and his girlfriend moved here a year ago. Sebastian is satisfied with his decisions and his life. Kevin wishes he had such a person by his side as Sebastian. Kevin wants to win the lottery one day, but he has never managed to do it.
Son will try to come home this weekend. Frank will tell his mother that he will come home and he will tell her that Son will be there.   He and his mother miss each other and Frank misses him too. He will let his mother know he will be home.
Ola and Momo are on a trip to Cuba. Momo has recovered from her injury and is frolicking again. Ola has lost her favorite scarf from Laos. Kate suggests that Ola should buy a new scarf for Momo.  Ola will look for a Cuban blouse for her mother.
Ann doesn't have new John's number, so Mike should ask Mary.    John has a new phone number now, so he should ask her. Ann is happy to help Mike out with John's phone number. Ann thanks Mike for his help.
Joseph sends Ella a photo of baby cows. Joseph's friend Wujek Janek has a pair of tween cows. Ella thinks it's cool and wants to touch them. Joseph doesn't want to touch the cows, he's not sure what they are.
Jack has taken Josh's notebook. He will bring it tomorrow. Josh is not mad at him, because he doesn't know where it is. He knows it's in the right place now.  He will give it back to Stephen tomorrow. He doesn't even know why.
Adele got a new dog, a 4-month-old biscuit lab called Bones. The other dogs keep their distance from him. Speedy wants to play with him. Adele had to wean the other dogs as they were too big for her.
Kristian and Tabora are playing games. They are choosing between Adidas and Nike. They will keep playing games and watch movies together.   It's Kristian's turn to play next.  He will choose either orange or orange.  It is his turn now.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broken's place. She will pick them up at 10 tonight.    Broke and Cathy will see each other at 10 o'clock tonight. They will pick up the sunglasses at the same place as before as they are waiting for her.
Petra can't stand how sleepy she is. Nobody's working at the office today. Ezra is working. Petra is sleeping with her eyes open. Petra would be killed by the fat woman from HR. Petra doesn't believe she can move, but let her have whatever belt she wants.
Nick wants to meet up for a drink with Jane, but she thinks he's not that hot. Nick takes the drink back and forgives her, but refuses to write to her ever again. Jane thanks him for the drink. Nick calls her a bitch.
Adam's friend saw Tim with a guy. Julia and Nate didn't know that Tim is gay. Adam made an idiot out of himself defending Tim. Nate and Julia are upset that Tim didn't tell them.    They are Tim's friends. They think it's not fair.
Lilly will be late, so Gabriel will order the food for her and get it for her as soon as she gets to the restaurant. He will order pasta with salmon and basil for Lilly, which she always finds tasty there.   .
Cara wants to visit Celine but she's not at home. Celine will call Cara in the evening if she decides to come over.   .      - Cara.  - Celine.  Celine is sorry.
Craig needs help with his computer. Derek will help him in 20 minutes, he has to get to his car.       -  .   derek will help Craig with the computer in 20 minutest of his time.
Abigail doesn't want to go for a walk with Emma and her children. Abigail's smog alert app is showing that the norms have been exceeded by 30% today. Emma needs to install the app.  .
Paul will get red roses for Cindy. She doesn't want them to be yellow, so she's not sure what color they should be, but agrees to get pink.      .   "I don't want yellow flowers, just red ones."
Jenny has left her credit card at Mary's shop. She will pick it up with one of the cashiers whenever she comes to the shop, because it's safe with a cashier there.    - Mary's store is located in the shop.
Gary and Lara are going to Tom's birthday party at 5 pm. Lara will pick up the cake and get the balloons. Gary has already paid for the cake. Tom is supposed to be home at 5:30, so Lara and Gary will have enough time to prepare things.
Paul is 15 minutes late for a meeting with Laura. She's been waiting for him for 30 minutes and she's not going to wait any more. She wants to see him some other time. Paul is very sorry.    He wrote earlier that he was almost there.
Salma and Hugh are sharing the latest cat meme. They both like it very much.    - Salma sent a video and Hugh a photo of one of them to Hugh and to Salma. They like it.  - Hugh and Salma like it too.
Matt and Oliver didn't get into Stanford. Peter will send them their documents as soon as possible so they don't get stuck in the queue. Peter is going to look for a new university now.       - Matt and Oliver will see each other soon.
Smith called in sick, so they don't have English classes today, because they couldn't find a replacement for him. Nadia, Vanessa and Jake are happy about it, because it means they won't have to learn English today.    -
Brandon lost his credit card. He blocked it in the bank, but it will take time before he gets a new one. Ian will lend him $100. Luke can't lend him anything, because he's broke.   Ian can lend Brandon $100 though.
Inez, Alicja, Gosia, Patrycja and Alicja are planning further Food Evenings. They will go to the new restaurant Inez sent them to on Wednesday. They want to explore world cuisines before the holidays.
Catherine will call Ana when she wakes up. Ana wants to visit grandma tomorrow. Catherine will go with her. Catherine and Ana say good night to each other and good night. Catherine is not sleeping yet. Ana will call her when she gets up.
Joyce, Michael and Edson are excited about a cheap ticket offer. Edson is already booking his ticket now.       - Edson, Michael, and Joyce are interested in the offer.  Edson wants to book his ticket.
Jane and Steven will meet at the main entrance at 4:30 instead of 5:00. They are going to drive almost 300 km to get to the other side of the mountain. The road is new and the journey should not take more than 3 hours.
Morgan and Suzanne are going to a Maroon 5 concert at Madison Square Garden next week. Morgan got two tickets.    Morgan and Suzanne miss each other and want each other to be happy and Morgan wants to make sure that Suzanne is happy. She will go with Morgan.
Julia hasn't read "Die again" since 2014. The city library is organizing a meeting with Tess. She should check it out on their facebook page. Liam recommends it to her.   Â. Â Â.   y.
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. Mohammad found it in his room. He will bring the wallet to uni tomorrow.   He will pick it up from the uni after school.  He'll bring it to Ali's place as well.
Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant tomorrow. They will have pasta and brownie. Linda doesn't like sweets, so she won't eat the brownie she's going to have with Laura. She doesn't think it's very sweet.
Anna invites everyone to her birthday party on 6th of November at 1930. Natalie, Martin, Margot, Mia and Adam will come.       - Natalie, Adam, Martin and Margot are interested in coming.  - Mia is also interested.
Mia and Elliot are going out for a girls night out after work tonight. They're going to grab some drinks and have a nice time. Elliot will pick Mia up if she's too late.      Â   y
Jayden doesn't want to have children now. She wants to have sex and wait for a baby in the future when she has a good job and is financially independent. She was in a store and a pregnant woman behind her couldn't take some money from the floor because she was about to give birth.
USA won last night. England will play Croatia tomorrow at 2:00 pm.   Steve and Gulab are happy about it. Gulab forgot to check the results of last night's game and didn't know that USA won. He forgot to inform Steve.
John is coming in 10 minutes and wants Ela to give him his walle because he forgot it. Ela is busy talking to her mom, so she doesn't have it, but she will give it to John anyway.
Mark told his sister that Mary is doing an online job. Mary doesn't want to prove anything to anyone, but she doesn't like it that her sister is asking everyone and trying to get to the people Mary is working for. Mark was trying to make her jealous.
Fiona is preparing a dinner for Chris. Tina will help her prepare a tart. Fiona bought the crust, but it's too late to make the filling now. Tina explains that once you start adding eggs you can't stop mixing it, otherwise you'll end up with scrambled eggs.
Peadar, Clare, Annette, Helen, Oli, James and Anne are going for a drink at Jesus bar. Peadar will join them. Oli cycled around the bar looking for people to join them, but couldn't find anyone.
Ryan and Sebastian have a bad feeling about the situation in Ukraine. They hope that the leaders of the nations will react to this situation in some way to stop it from happening again. Ryan and Sebastian do not like it.      Â
Zadie and Finn are going to visit the Latin American neighborhood called Elephant and Castle tomorrow. They will meet at 2 pm at the main entrance of the shopping centre. They are planning to eat some Latin American food. Finn will call Zadie if they get lost.
Jacob hasn't listened to the song Harry sent him 3 days ago. He will listen to it later tonight. Harry wants to know what Jacob thinks about it. Jacob is busy and will let him know later.    He will speak to Harry later.
Someone locked the door from outside, so Max can't let Ray in. Max will ask his roommates to open the door for him, because Ray has to go out and he has to pee. Max's roommate is on his way to help him.
Harry has just bought a new sofa and needs pillows as a gift for his mom. Kim will tell his mom that grey is the best colour for the sofa and tell her that Harry should buy pillows in that colour for him as well as for Kim's mom.
Josh wants to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi and Sony. Brian can get Samsung cheaper for Josh. Josh will call Brian after work to discuss the purchase.      .   "I am buying an iPad"   by Josh.
Olafur and Nathalie are planning to go to a club in Soho for New Year's Eve. They need to buy the tickets soon as it's 100$ for the club.  They will go to the Breakfast at Tiffany's party.
Andy is watching "Arrow B" and he has a quiz tomorrow. Frank wants him to study for it, but he doesn't want to wake up on time for that. Andy is not Frank's son.   He is not Andy's dad.
Kim is looking for a place where she can get some fresh ramal fish in Warsaw. Margot suggests the marketplace at Polna street, but she doesn't know about "fresh". Kim has already tried Polna. Kim will grill the fish for a special occasion.
Tom and Ben are going to meet at 2 pm in the Oval Room. Ben will take all his papers and remember to take no prisoners and shoot to kill. Tom and Ben have to win this battle, the justice is on their side, as they say.
Ashleigh got a job. She and Peter are going to the cinema.   Ashleigh and Peter will go to the movies now that Ashleigh got the job. They are sending gifs to each other to cheer each other up. They exchange greetings.
Reed had a good Saturday. Danna found it boring. She called 5-8 of her friends but none of them were available or busy. The only thing Danna can do is watch TV. Reed doesn't have a tv as his subscription expired and they want him to pay for it. He's off work tomorrow.
Alivia's thesis is not going well. She has problems finding research materials and writing the thesis. Antonio advises her to stop thinking about it too much and just write and edit it later. She will try to improve her writing style.  .
Maddie is in Asda. John will get some white bread and some apples from the supermarket.   He will buy it for Maddie as well as for himself. He will pay her back in a few minutes.  He wants her to call him.
Jordan is going to a funeral of his colleague, Brad, who had a liver cancer. Elliot will call him tonight at 8 pm.    He is sorry to hear about Brad's death and wants to make sure he's ok, but Jordan is busy.
Flo can't get into the salon until the 6th as they're too busy. She's going to be gray. Gina will get her a touch-up kit at Tesco as she can't go to the salon then.
Rob is at the grocery store. He will buy cucumber, tomatoes, bananas, apples and whatever he likes for dinner and lunch tomorrow. Ann can't pick up Rob's phone because she is in a meeting. She will send him details so that he doesn't complain they don't have any food.
Melany hasn't had sex for a long time. Marvin thinks she's not feeling well because she doesn't remember when she last had sex.   He thinks there must be a lot of cobwebs between her legs now. He thinks she must be feeling bad.
Eric sends Samantha and Noah a video of a professor talking about the recent scandal on the news. Noah is the smartest person alive and he knew it would happen. Samantha doesn't need to open the video to see the professor's voice.
Jacky thinks David was right yesterday about taking the blame. They will talk later. Jacky will call David when she gets back home.      .   -   :P  ?   /   >
Rick is in Cancun for the last two days before flying to Havana. Chris is in front of the box. They will Skype tomorrow at 3 pm Chris' time, as there's no workable internet in Cuba. Chris will talk to Helen tomorrow.
Ying sends a photo of his 10th birthday. Helen, Norma and Zazu are impressed with his achievement. Zaza is impressed as well. He is impressed with Ying's achievements.      .   - Henry, Helen and Norma
Missy gets out of work at 6. Daniel and Missy will go for drinks after dinner and meet at Missy's place. They will have something to eat and drink afterwards.    - Daniel's place is at 6:30. Missy is at work.
Pete will clean the hamster cage after school. Adelle didn't clean it, so it's Pete's turn now.    - Adelle will clean it after school, no excuses, as it's her turn now, not Pete's.
Maya will buy 5 pairs of earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy. She will buy 4 or 5 packs for him.    - Maya will get them for him from the pharmacy, because he asked for them, and she will buy them.
David is coming home for Christmas next week. He will get an ipad for his dad. David will order it online and have it shipped home. He'll let Jane know when he'll get here once his travel arrangements are set up.
Isabella enjoyed listening about Betty's work yesterday. Isabella would like to do something together with Betty if they want to do it together. Betty is happy to hear that.      .   - Isabella's response to Betty's comment:
Amy will get back to Hollie later as she's working now.    Amy will let Hollie know how she's doing. Amy will contact Hollie when she's free. Amy is still working.  Amy is a teacher at a school.
Huda and Alex are going swimming in 2 hours. Alex will join them then.    - Huda will pick him up. They will meet at the swimming pool at the same time as Huda.  - Alex will pick her up at the agreed time.
Janet, Alison, Nicole, Cheryl, Linda, Eric, Leslie, Sue, Rob, Arlene and Roz are talking about Donald Trump's absence from the inauguration ceremony. They think he's an embarrassment to the nation and the world and a spoiled brat.
Rashi is confused about his career options. Teacher advises him to choose a career based on what truly interests him. Rashi will remember this advice for earning and learning.   .   "I hope I managed to answer Rashi's questions".
Corbin wants to report school violence in Jungang high school to the department in charge of school violence. The student who is the victim of the violence is Corbin's friend. Dimitri will call Corbin now to help him. Corbin gives Dimitri his phone number.
Marta is looking for a technician to fix her PC. Joel suggests asking Cynthia or Elena, as they might know someone. Marta will give them a try.      .   i   in the meantime, she will ask the IT guys in the office.
Ann's dad is turning 50 and she's planning a surprise birthday party for him. He's afraid of heights, so Fiona suggests a team play or paintball as an alternative idea. Fiona doesn't know how her mum will react to the idea, but she has to accept it.
Fatima and Jenson's friend Alene is depressed and won't go to the doctor. Fatima is worried that Alene will break up with Jenson and blame each other for it. Lincoln tells Fatima to stop worrying about other people and focus on herself.
Lisa has to clean the house. Bob helped make it dirty. Lisa wants Bob to help her in cleaning the bathroom. Bob doesn't want to help as it's a lot of work for him and he will give Lisa more work when he's done.
Luke and Martial will go to Jose's office together to let him know that they are available for selection tomorrow. They will let Jose know the first thing in the morning. The fixtures are piling up and they need to help the team. They meet up at carrington and go to his office together.
Julie and Emily exchange Christmas greetings and send each other Christmas photos.    Emily is sending lots of kisses to Julie and wishes her a merry Christmas. Julie sends Emily a photo of herself and Emily as a gift for Christmas.
Frederick and Ricky don't like their new neighbours because they are noisy and have a parakeet that wouldn't stop squawking all night long. Ricky doesn't want to be the neighbour that is noisy, because it's not his fault.
Brenda and Sandra used to work together in the clothes factory 25 years ago. Brenda lives in Stoke now, moved away from Brum in the late 90s. Sandra lives in Kings Norton with her husband and four grandchildren. Brenda has only one grandchild, 7-year-old girl. Brenda's husband Bill died 5 years ago, he was bald when he died. Brenda and Sandra will meet in Birmingham next Saturday for lunch. They will organize a reunion for the Lister's girls.
Joan can't go see "A Star is Born" with John on Wednesday, because she's busy. She's free on Thursday at 8 pm. John will send her the details.      .   - John and Joan are going to see the movie on Thursday around 8pm.
George wants to meet Donna in a coffee shop to discuss a delicate matter. He doesn't want her to come to his place tonight, because he suspects she has caught AIDS. She doesn't think it's true, so he wants to discuss it in the coffee shop.
Louis has to go because his mom is calling him. Fabian and Louis will see each other soon.       -   –  -   —  .   /   and  - -  - /
Irene is going shopping with her little boy. She will take him with her and she will buy him something. Crystal doesn't want to go shopping with him, but she agrees to let her do it as she's always been a bore when it comes to shopping.
Tony sends Amy and Lucas a photo of his cat. They think it's cute and adorable. He sends them a link to the photo.      Â   - Amy, Lucas, Tony and Lucas.  - Tony, Amy.
Matt got a ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo. He will see Thomas the day before. Thomas is going by himself. Maria is interested in going with him. Thomas will ask her if she's coming. Matt might ask a few more people if they're coming.
Chris pushed some girls into the pool. They had to undress because they were soaking wet. June thinks Chris is awful.    - Chris is not sure how she feels about it, but she thinks he's not very nice. She doesn't agree with his behaviour.
Jeff, Lia and Mico are going to the village party. Lia is too tired after hiking to go. Mico will go with them. Jeff will drive them to the party, so they can drink. Jim and Lia don't want to go, because they don't like village boys.
Matthew will couch the game on Saturday. Paul will do it if his plans change and he can do it for Matthew. They will see each other on Saturday at the game. Matthew is still looking for someone to couch the match on Saturday, but he's not found anyone yet.
Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15. Luke's train arrives at 3 pm. Jacob is at work till 5, so he can't pick him up, but he will wait for him at 3.15 with Freddy. Luke will be happy to wait.
Jack is going to the casting this time. He will meet Ryan at the casting. Ryan wants to go with him, but Jack is not sure if he can dance. He is going with him anyway, though.      .
Evelyn will stay at home for the holidays. Joanne is going back home. She always liked spending Christmas with her family, but her parents separated a few months ago. Evelyn wants to bring Joanne's mother over for Christmas, but Joanne doesn't think she's in a condition for that.
Raul had a bad night last night and today morning. Yesterday Jen had to go to a friend and she stayed for the night with her. Raul couldn't sleep and he had weird dreams of his uncle. He is not feeling very well today.
Ms. Quinn signed Angie up for a private appointment with Doctor McCormick. Angie has severe stomach pain. Ms. Quinn will tell the doctor that Angie is coming in to see him in an hour, as Doctor Cartman is not in today.
Kelvin and Naheeda will have their CAT 2 during the statistics class as they will be having the statistics CAT. Kelvin will talk to the other class members and will tell them when to have the CAT 2.   . .
Linda, Ronnie, Karen and Amanda are going to have pasta for lunch at the pasta joint next to their apartment. They will take the takeout boxes and take them to the park to eat it. Amanda will check her Facebook page to see if she's ok with it.
Christine will pick up Marcel from school at 4. Marty has sprained his ankle and needs Christine to take him to the doctor tomorrow morning. Christine will call the school to ask about picking Marcel up from school. Christine and Marty will have pizza night.
Peyton wants Cameron to bring a video game for him. Cameron will be out of town for another week, so he will have to deliver it by courier. Peyton wants him to come home asap.      .   i
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow. She will let Willyx know how it went tomorrow.   Â. Â ÂÂ   yesto Âsto   alicja's job interview went ok, as she said.
Paul has had a busy day and forgot about his physiotherapy. He will schedule a new appointment. Emma will be home after midnight. Paul will prepare some food for her and he will come back home to do it.      .
Sean overslept again and is angry with himself for it. Sam is not happy about it either.    Sam and Sean are angry with Sean for oversleeping.  Sam is angry at Sean for not getting up earlier.  Sean is not angry with him.
Chris invites Tom and his brother to join him in his jacuzzi in the garden. They will watch TV from the living room and use the WiFi. Tom can only get 6GB on his phone when he gets outside Ireland, so he will use Chris' WiFi.
Cindy will call Ela and tell her that Harry needs to talk to her urgently. Harry and Ela had a fight. Cindy hates Harry and wants to end the messenger service between them. Harry is happy with Cindy's decision. Harry will call her now.
Mike didn't take the dog for a walk. Adam will take him with him on his next walk with him.  He didn't have time to take him for the walk. He will bring the dog with him this time.   He will take his dog on the next walk.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday. He's coming back in the afternoon the same day. He doesn't know the exact hour yet. He will meet with Sophie in Poannań later that day. They will have a drink together.
Gaia has 6 exams this term at the university. Only one of them is really hard. She is doing fine. She has a lot of work, but all good at the University. She will see her mother, Monica, next week.
Mr. Williams and Ms. Blair will go for a coffee at her favourite coffee place near the square at 2 p.m. They will meet in a side alley.   .   Mr. Williams will pick her up from the coffee place.
Jeff hasn't been to the doctor lately. His skin condition is fine. Tina has the same skin condition as Jeff and she takes meds on the daily. Tina can call Jeff if she has any questions about it..
Kristina, Jannette and Estefania are watching America's top model on TV. They like Tyra Banks and want to look like her. Jannettes has just got home and she's not home yet. She had to run, so she didn't have time to watch it.
Daniel is flying to Bologna by accident. He will stay only 2 hours at the airport. Simone will come in December for a weekend and Marco will host her.       - Marco will let Simone know if he wants to host.
Mike will call Dale back in 2 hours, because he can't talk right now and he will call back in two minutes.   .   dale will wait for him until then until then. dale and mike will talk then, as soon as possible.
Timmy had a bad day at work and his boss snapped at him. Gemma is organising a BBQ at the weekend. Timmy will come. He will bring some wine and food.  Gemma will cover the food. She has a boyfriend.
Pat has a few hours delay and will come around 9 pm. Bart will open the door for her. Pat has another project to finish and will be at work in the morning. Pat is not a painter. Pat will tell Bart all about the project tomorrow.
Erin will meet Ashley at the camp to do the interview. They will meet at the pool or restaurant. The wifi is decent, but spotty in the restaurant area. Erin is on her way. Ashley is sitting in the back of the restaurant.
Maria, Kate, Tommy and Sam are preparing for the conference. Tommy is preparing a power point. He will use a prezi, which costs $10 a month for academics, which is not that bad.   Â     ...
Maxwell and Jeanice spent 8 hours together tonight. Marcus had an argument with a friend at school. Marcus is behaving in a strange way recently. Jeanice and Maxwell will grab a coffee some time and talk about Marcus.    Jeanice will let Maxwell know if they can meet.
Mike, Tom and Ben are going for a beer now, as Mike wants to go out for a drink with Tom and Mike, and Ben and Ben will join them later.   .      -   "Mike and Tom are going out for beer.
Leah met a creepy guy at the poetry reading last night. He wentogled her out because he thought she had a crush on him. He tried to walk her home even though she told him he was a creep. Samantha and Leah think he's lucky not to kill her.
Nicky has just left Sam's place. Her phone is off and she's not on the phone at Sam's. Sam is glad to hear it.    Sam is still at his place and Nicky is not at Dave's place now.
Ken wants his money back from Greg. Ken is a prankster who wants to have a laugh at Greg's expense. Greg and Ken are angry with each other.    - Greg wants Ken's money back.  - Ken wants his account hacked.
Alexander asked Tom to send him a taxi confirmation when he will be in a taxi. Tom arrived safely, but without his luggage. He will call Alexander if he has any problem.      .   - Alexander.  - Tom.
The university organised a carnival party for children. There are 5 bouncy castles and a huge bouncy dragon in the hall. Shane heard about it in the dean's office.   .  ...   - Asher, Shane and others.
Sophie doesn't know where Ian's green folder is. Ian was sure he left it on the dining room table. Sophie suggests asking Alex about it. Ian agrees to ask her.   Â. Â   yesto
Simon can't talk much, but he will be free at 5 and will talk to Adrian then.    He doesn't have anything important to talk about. He can talk a little, but not a lot, so he can't be very useful.
Jen is fed up with her partner and wants him to move out. He owes her money. She doesn't want to ask him to leave because she's afraid of another fight. Jane advises her to cut her losses and just move on.   Jane is always there for Jen.
Dean will grab something to eat on his way back home for dinner with Poppy. Poppy won't be home tonight. She's not telling what she's going to do tonight, so Dean doesn't know what to get for her. They will meet tomorrow.
Gab wants to meet Kat for a drink. Kat is busy at the moment and doesn't know when they can meet. Kat doesn't want to meet strange men from the internet as she's not that sort of girl. Kat thinks it was a mistake to talk to Gab on the internet.
Agatha has prepared a presentation for her economics course. She used recent research and she's really into economics. Adam finds the presentation interesting.      .   - Adam and Agatha are going to watch the presentation together soon.
Sally and Tim are going to the Imagine Dragons concert on 12 July. Sally bought 70 tickets for the standing area at ABC Theatre. Tim will go with her. Tim and Sally will put the date in their diary and Tim will put it in his diary.
Bez's car has a low brake fluid level. The garage next to Willig said it was probably a display error. Kate took the car today and everything was fine. Bez is in a hotel lobby now and uses a "phone credit". The car should be ok as it passed general inspection only in June. Andy will turn the heating on at Bez's house on the 21st in the evening.
Laura is going to visit her parents next Saturday. Keith will cook lasagne for his daughter Pumpkin, who misses his lasagne. Keith's mother bought Laura a birthday gift.       Laura and Keith will stay in touch.
Pegah will be back at 22:00. Miriam invited a few people over and wanted Pegah to join them. She will have a cup of tea with Pegah when she gets back. She'll also save some wine for Pegah and Miriam.
Pam has to go shopping, cook and clean, so she doesn't have time to pick up the balloons for Tom's birthday. Robert will pick them up from the store in the city centre. Pam will text him the address.
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year. Jody does charity work every year. Tracy is not into that.    Shelly and Jody will meet at the shelter. Tracy will not join them. Shelly will go there with Jody.
Max sends Jim his latest music project. Jim will listen to it when he gets home and let him know what he thinks about it later. He is sure it will be good, as he is sure Max is good at music production too. He will let Max know later.
Shannon hasn't heard the new 30 seconds to mars album, but Kane recommends it to her. She should check it out.    Shannon will listen to the album and give it a try. She will give the album a listen to Kane.
Andy will visit Paul in about an hour to have a coffee and talk about politics with him and Hannah's father. Paul is waiting for Andy.    He has enough arguments over politics with Hannah's dad to last forever for Andy, so he doesn't want to have any more.
Caroline and Megan are laughing about Ross and Chandler's joke about Caroline's testicles tugging on her again. Megan likes the joke and sends Caroline a link to it to show her support for it.   .      "Ross or Chandler... Ross!"
Ron has sent Josh something he wants him to have. Josh will check his e-mail to see what it is. He will be happy to have it.   Â. Â   yestarday. yestday.
Phoebe can't go out today because her mother is angry at her because she used her perfume and broke it. The perfume was expensive and Phoebe doesn't want to use it anymore because the whole house stinks now.   It was not so beautiful, but not 100ml for 80 square meters.
Eve and Rob are meeting up on Sunday. Eve has some stuff to do around 3. Rob doesn't know what time the stores are open. Eve and Rob will go shopping on Sunday if the shops are open and Rob can join them then. Eve wants to go shopping tomorrow morning.
Betty and Sandra are admiring a man who takes good care of his cat. Sandra's ex-boyfriend broke up with her 3 months ago. Betty will be at Sandra's place at 6 and she will bring wine.    She feels sorry for Sandra because she was left by him.
Anna likes the app where you choose your sex and then add photos of clothes and you can add as many items as you want. Peter doesn't get it. Anna and Peter play a game. Anna has 12 shirts, 10 pairs of trousers, and 6 jackets. Peter has 2 jackets.
Dan got an injection with anaesthesis. It's not working any more and it hurts. He's quite swollen, but it's nothing compared to yesterday when he was even more swollen than this. He was more of a mess than this time.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will be travelling to Judah by bus, so it might take him an hour or so. If he happens to be dead by the time he arrives, he will call Judah on the phone.
Chloe hasn't watched the series yet. She has been busy this week. She will watch the series at the weekend.   Biwott wants to watch it at the same time as Chloe, but she's not sure yet if she's interested.
Lauren wants to get a small tattoo above the ankle of a bird. Tessie knows a couple of tattooists who do it. Nelly doesn't want to get one as she's afraid of the pain.    She will contact Tessie to let her know.
Wendy thinks the upstairs toilet might be blocked. She doesn't want to call the plumber as they can't afford to pay for it this month. They are going to wait until next paycheck and fix it themselves. It was Wendy's sister's birthday and she had to buy a present.
Rowen informs Kaylen that in his country left-hand traffic is legal. Kaylen sends a photo of herself to Rowen, who finds her looks gorgeous.   He also informs her that there is left-handed traffic in his place.  He thinks Kaylen wouldn't be able to drive there.
Tom wants to go to a piece of land in the middle of nowhere. Jonathan, Kit and Oscar think it's insane, but Tom loves the idea. It's possible it's the real Robinson Crusoe's island.       - Tom.
Emely needs help with a task. She sends a photo of the task and asks Titus to help her fill in the gaps. He can't read it, but he can see it very well on his phone. Emely will write him the answers.
Aldo sent Marco his article. Marco will print it and read it right now. It took Aldo weeks to write it. It's 12 pages long. It is written by Aldo and is on 12 pages. It was written in two weeks.
Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday. He hasn't seen her for a few months. She lives in Michigan, which is not too far from where Harris lives. Harris has to go because his mom is calling. He will let Lena know how he is feeling.
Hannah and Brooklyn have New Year's resolutions for 2019. Hannah wants to lose weight, exercise, learn how to cook and start meal prepping, find her future husband and start using dating apps. Brooklyn doesn't believe that a new year means a fresh start.
Trevor needs Richard's advice on how to break the news to his dad that Abigail is having an affair with a church pastor and they don't have any condoms. Trevor is going to get her father to pay child support instead of him.
Julia and Gail like to look at photos of their friends. Gail likes to spy on people. Julia was fooled by Hillary into thinking she was active and pro-active and charitable when she had a phase for animal shelters and she didn't do anything.
Miranda called Tom yesterday. She knows Anne and Tom are dating, so she wants to take him away from Anne. Catherine and Nora don't like Miranda at all. She's not Tom's type, so he's not interested in her.
Ella sends Barbara, Eva and mom the information for the catering company. Barbara and Eva confirm that they're coming and if they have any dietary requirements through the link below. Barbara flled out for mom and Eva for the food.   ...
Sarah will arrive in New York on Thursday. Joshua will be waiting for her with a gift for her sister. He will be happy to see her and give her a gift.       - Sarah's sister, Sarah's brother, Joshua.
Allison got a scholarship. She will celebrate it with Sarah and Maya whenever they want.   .   Sarah sends a gif to show her support for Allison's decision to get the scholarship and encourage her to celebrate it soon. It is the highest rank she could get.
Sam finishes work at 5. He will bring him over to Abdellilah at about 9 in the morning. They will see each other then.    - Abellielah and Sam will meet at 9 o'clock at Sam's place.
Betty and Phil are going to see a thriller at the cinema tonight. They will meet at 6.30 near the cinema. Betty will book the tickets on the cinema's website. Phil and Betty will have dinner at home tonight. Betty has a few ideas for the menu.
Robert has been laid off and is looking for a new job. Serge suggests Robert to send him his CV to a Belgian guy who is thinking of opening a new factory here. Robert agrees to do that. Robert wishes Serge and Elena Merry Christmas and wishes them a Happy New Year.
Lily had an amazing night with Thomas. He is Romanian, from an extremely rich family and works at LSE in London. She expected him to be more boring and mediocre. She's had so much pleasure that she has a headache. Kate is glad that she had fun after the last weeks.
Sam is looking for a black dress for his wife as a surprise gift. Sarah fashion makes dresses on order as per customer requirements. Sam will order the dress on the website with the product number 898998 and he will get the same procedure applied to his order.
Kamden hasn't seen Mckinley in a while as he's been off social media. Kamden uses chat on Facebook to keep up with his friends. Mck inley uses Facebook mostly to keep in touch with people. He's not a phone selfie person.
Mike is going to the gym after work and then home. Jason will come over to Mike's and they will play Destiny 2 on PS4 later.   He will bring his food and come over with his friends. He will play the game with them.
Linda is moving to Ohio for 6 months. Her brother is going to live there. Daisy will help her pack. They will meet before Linda goes to Ohio.  She will come to her place to help her with the packing. She will also go on vacation.
Hayden has 1 month to write his thesis and then he has to decide what studies he should choose. He is interested in African studies but he's not sure if he can make big money later on. He's thinking about working as a flight attendant, but he doesn't want to risk his life.
Alan has found a new product with no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring. It does taste surprisingly well, if put with enough whiskey. Rob would like to see the old cherry flavor brought back, not the useless no-sugar stuff.
Yaz and Mary are going to slimming club tonight. They will see their old cookery teacher. Mary and Yaz will pick each other up at around 6.      .   Mary doesn't want to go, but she feels she should.
Aaliyah and Camille are at the university, but Camille is sick. They are having their classes in 342 on the second floor.      ...  .   - Ellie's worried about Camille and Aaliyah.
Dan sent a video of a cat taking a dump to Nathan and Aaron. Nathan doesn't know the cat's name, but Dan sent it to him. Aaron and Nathan find the video hilarious.       - Aaron's cat is having a spiritual moment.
William has been in a queue for 20 minutes to get shake. He will be back in 5 minutes. Emma is impatiently waiting for him. William is coming back in a minute.   .   - Emma can't wait any longer and wants William to hurry up.
Jake has reserved 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow. He got a 30% discount from the workplace. Melanie will reserve the tickets for tomorrow too, because Jake promised her he will do that, because he has some workplace discount on them as well.
Freddie, Kelly, Jim, Bob, Mike, Greg, Nancy, Alan and Mary are discussing what they are watching on Netflix. Freddie recommends watching Outlander or The Tudors in the meantime. Kelly thinks the new series of House of Cards is boring. Mary's favourite TV show is Desperate Housewives.
Toni and his friends went to San Sebastian last year. They stayed in an airbnb place next to the Playa de la Concha. They are planning to go there again in a month or so. The landlady is an old basque lady who rents a room in the appartment.
Malik and Samantha are going to try the paleo diet and the keto diet together. They will also go for runs together. Samantha will text Malik back later with more information about the diet.    They can't have dairy on paleo, but they can have it on keto.
Derek and Phil had a busy day. Derek closed some deals but he had a lot of stress. Phil couldn't close any deals. He is annoyed by the fact that some customers are negotiating for days or weeks and then pull out. He thinks they are just trying to compare offers.
People photoshopped Timothée Chalamet into artworks. Dominic and Nova think it's hilarious.   He looks as if he read Rimbaud's poems and drank absinthe on a daily basis, according to Dominic.  He also resembles a typical young man from a 19th-century portrait.
Peter has been busy at work. He has been working out regularly to improve his health. Lisa also wants to improve her health. She thinks she needs to eat better and get more sleep. Peter recommends going to the gym and keeping a regular exercise regime.
Julia broke Tom's cup and she will buy him a new one. Tom is disappointed.    Julia doesn't want to cause a fuss. She wants to keep it as a surprise for him when he finds out that she broke it.
Don and Hank's 10-year-old kids are taking the CSS tests today. Don hasn't registered in the system yet, so he's not sure if he has to fill out all the fields. The tests are supposed to last 5-8 pm and last 3 hours. Hank will bring Oscar and Roger with him.
Jessica bought a table, six chairs, a vase, a pile of clothes and a black dress at a second hand shop downtown. She paid 70 euros for all of it. She is very happy with what she bought and sends pictures to Frank and Raphael.
It's Sunday. Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday. Damien should put on a coat and tie to show respect to God and others. He should also be ready on time, as it's Sunday only once a week.
Lucian hasn't cooked anything yet. He's just got Desiree's message. He asks her to keep her pasta in the microwave, but she doesn't have any reason to do that.      .   i   in
Doug loves his new shoes. Jeni is jealous of his new pair of shoes, but Doug is happy with his new ones.    -     -   –   in the end, he tells her to be happy for him.
Tessa wants Chloe to stop texting her boyfriend, Jim Andrews. Tessa thinks Jim Andrews is taken. Chloe and Jim Andrews work together. Tessa doesn't want Chloe to text her boyfriend. Chloe doesn't think Tessa is being paranoid, because Tessa and Chloe have to communicate.
Emily, Kate and Marta will meet for a drink at Pub X at the central station at 5.30. Kate may be there closer to 6, as she may be stuck in traffic on her way to work. Emily and Kate will see each other later.
Anne and Jane went to La Perle with Jane and Ella and ordered a cheesecake. Jane is allergic to peanuts. She started swelling after the first bite because of the crushed nuts in the crust. Jane and Anne are getting out of the ER.
Railey will buy a burger for Tiffany on her way home on Tiffany's request. Tiffany is very happy about it.      Â   - Tiffany's sister, Railey, is going to buy her a burger.  -
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown. Aviana wishes she could go with her, but she can't go with Ariana now.   .   - Ariana and Aviana will go shopping together in the end, as Ariana wants to buy some stuff.
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister to buy Halloween costumes. Connor got his costume today at Value Village. Jane and Connor will go there together.    Maria and Martin are also going there. They will let Jane know if they want to join them.
Mary didn't go to school today, so she stayed at home. Alice is happy for her. Mary is not at school today either. Mary didn't have school today. Mary stayed home. Mary doesn't need to go to the school. Mary did not have school.
Tom and Jeffrey can't see Jeffrey and Elena because they are wearing a red jacket. They are a few meters away from them and cannot be seen by Jeffrey or Elena. They don't see Tom and Jeffrey either.    - Elena doesn't see them either.
Sophia apologizes to Mason for kissing him. She sends him a kiss photo. Mason wants to see Sophia when she looks good. Sophia doesn't want him to see her when she doesn't look good. Mason loves Sophia no matter what she looks like.
Steffen can't go to the infinity pool because he twisted his ancle yesterday. Irene will give him a lift. Dan is sure Mr.Budd can make it. Luke, Ben and Irene have been up the road.    The road is called Vistas de olas.
Jake, Florence, Margot and others are going on a research trip to Eswatini. The name of the country has been changed from Swaziland to ESWATINIA last year. Jake and Margot don't know the difference.
Christine is not going to be at school tomorrow. She has a blocked nose, sore throat and is tired. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox later on. Christine doesn't want Annie to call in if she's sleeping.
Jill called Bob's girlfriend Sarah and sent her their pictures. Bob is angry with her because he left her for Sarah. Sarah is happy with Bob now and so is Jill.    She is glad she could make Bob angry and hurt him as he was begging her to love him.
Peter starts his new job on the 6th. Peter will be at work at 8. Aggie will get a babysitter for Peter, because Peter wanted a free babysitter. Peter wanted Aggie to get a free baby sitter. Peter didn't want to pay for it.
Aimee went to Maryam's home to try to find her, but she's not there. Maryam might have gone somewhere with his father. Aimee tried his phone number.       - Soren's not sure where Maryam is.
George, Robert, Yousuf and Paul are going to play basketball on Friday at 7 p.m. Paul will bring some beers. Younuf will come half an hour later to help his sister with her car, as he needs to help her with the car.
Rory wants Mitch to take Bill and Sammy to the International camp in Croatia. Mitch will go there on Sunday, the 29th. Rory will put Bill on a Flixbus, so he'll arrive around 10 am on Sunday. Joanna will be picking him up.
Jones and Angelina will meet today in the afternoon in town. Jones will call Angelina to confirm where they will meet and they will have fun.   .   -   for the first time in a long time. For more information, visit Angelina's Facebook page.
Derek doesn't like Fergie's national anthem. Alyssa thinks she does a great job. Derek thinks she can fart better than she sings. Derek finds the national anthem funny.      .   derek thinks it is.
Pam needs Lauren for tomorrow. Manager is back tomorrow so she may do some more rota. Pam will call Lauren in the morning to let her know. Lauren had a good holiday and she will tell Pam all about it tomorrow. She will also tell Pam about it.
Harriette went ghost hunting once when she was in high school. She and her friends went to investigate a run-down building in the neighbourhood. They didn't see any ghosts, but they did hear a cat meow. If she could go ghost hunting again, Harriette would probably choose to go alone.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev will help him right now, he will be with Jack right now.   He will switch the computer on.  He finds the joke very funny, but Jack finds it serious. He finds it very serious.
Dan will meet Angela at school later to explain everything to her. Angela doesn't trust Dan, but he will show her why she should trust him.  He will explain everything if they agree to meet up. Angela will listen to him. She will meet him at school.
Shaldona sent Piper her wedding invitation via Messenger. She didn't have time to meet everybody and give the invitation card in person. Shaldona is too greedy to expect people to come to her wedding.    piper thinks she's too greedy.
Paula and Ralph will meet with the new person in an hour to talk about their problems.   Â      - Paula and Ralph are meeting with a new person soon.  - Ralph will join them. Â - Paula will join him.
Ania, Kasia, Jan, Zuzia and Kasia are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland together. Jan and Ania don't want to take a boy with them, because it's inappropriate for a boy.
Harry is waiting for Ema outside. Ema will be there in 2 minutes. The movie has already started, so Ema has to wait for 5 more minutes. Harry is angry, because he expects her to be ready in less than 5 minutes.
The Caspian Sea will have a special legal status and they will divide the seabed up. It's rich in resources, mostly gas and oil, and 80-90% of the world's caviar is sourced from the Caspians.
Joe's job is wearing him out. Tim's friend Terry quit because of the stress and he had an ulcer. Joe needs to slow down or he will burn out too much.   Sam and Tim advise him not to do it, like Terry did.
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street on Saturday with Miranda and Helen. Natalie wants to go with Judy. Denise has been to the club a few times and recommends it to Natalie and others. She thinks it's her new favourite club in town.
Jamie, Marlo, Jimmy and Alex are going to do the presentations in groups. They need 3-4 people per team. They will do interviews, transcriptions, compiling material, and writing. Alex has already divided them into 2 groups and sent them the subjects in email. They have to do it themselves.
Nora talked to John's math teacher on the phone. John is in the park, waiting for his mother, Theresa, who wants to talk to him, but he's leaving and won't wait for her in the playground. John and Nora are his parents.
Louis and Sara saw a huge crowd outside the book shop today. A writer who writes about vampires was there signing copies of his books. Sara is not a fan of this writer.    He's not a big loss for her as she doesn't like him.
Debbie is looking for a dress to buy. Kelly recommends her the red one, but Denise suggests the green one. Kelly is considering buying the red dress for herself. Kelly sends Debbie the link to the store. Debbie sends the link back to Kelly.
Emilia is still angry. William feels sorry for her, but she's not going to change her mind yet.    -     -   --   —   –  Â   >  .
Mia doesn't have a credit card to buy a flight ticket. Tom will lend her his card. She will send him the flight, company and personal data that he may need to buy the ticket on his credit card. He will send her the link to the ticket.
Hugh has a toothache and needs to see a dentist urgently. Andy recommends Dr Smith at ProDent in the centre. Wade hasn't been to the dentist for ages and his toothache is getting worse. Hugh will call them and arrange a checkup for tomorrow.
Ella's mom won a hundred dollars in the lottery. She will give it to Ella and Noah for Christmas. Noah reminds Ella to take care of the little people too.   .     ...  ..
There was a car accident on Circle Drive. There were no deaths, so there's no need to worry about Oli getting to the Circle Mall. The accident is on the news now.    - Katie and Pavel are happy about that and relieved that no one was hurt.
Bob is watching the game. Rob is having a few people over, but the game is boring. Bob has no plans for the weekend. Jim is planning to organize a birthday party for his birthday next Wednesday. Rob will let Jim know if he can come. Bob hasn't seen Jim in person for a while.
Julie and Debra are going to meet up over the weekend. There are 20 people coming, most of them are from the village 40+ and they're going to drink vodka. Debra is on the list. Julie wants Debra to share the event on Facebook.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg. Ian and Kate are very sad about it. Ian informs Kate that Mike had a broken leg in the accident. Kate is very concerned about it and wants to know what happened.    Ian informs her.
David had to babysit at Ethan's house. Ethan's sister was naughty. David's phone was switched off, but he has just turned it back on. Ethan texted Avery to say thanks for babysitting him. Avery has already told Ethan about that.
Conrad forgot his keys. Tiffany will be home at 10-11. Rebecca will be even later. Conrad will wait in the coffee shop.      .   "Conrad is waiting outside the house. He will be waiting for Tiffany and Rebecca.
There was a weird smell at Kasia's place last night. Kasia has 21 cats. Ron suspects Kasia had a sexual relationship with one of them. Clara doesn't know what it could have been. She doesn't want to say anything about it.
Holly doesn't want to come to Jake's party tonight because she feels bad. She thinks she has flu. Jake was excited that everyone would be here, but Holly doesn't feel well at all. She's sorry about that.    -
Ludmila's favorite dinosaur growing up was Triceratops. Jacopo will tell Ludmila why later.   Â. Â   y   Y  .  Y   in   a conversation.
Josh, Sean and Logan are going to the pub tonight. Sean wants to pick up some girls. Logan is not happy with Sean's sexist comments and wants him to behave himself. He would like to meet some girls, not women, as Josh suggests.
Indiana left his phone at Liam's place. He's using it right now, so he doesn't know where it is. Liam is wondering who it belongs to, because he's not sure where it's at. He doesn't remember leaving it at his place.
Claire wants to order a dress for the wedding. Nicole and Maria think it's perfect for her. It's not very vivid but it's good for the bride and it's not that expensive, so she'll order it anyway.    -
Victor has taken over Chris's company. Chris was under huge debt. Victor sold off the office and accommodated the company in his office. David was worried about Chris. David's business is good but slow. He expects it to get better by the end of the year.
Patricia sends Elle and Florence a link to a fair-trade brand she's been talking about. Elle will look into it. Patricia thinks the quality of the brand is great and it's easier to spend the extra money on it because of the traceability.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. He didn't tell Abigail about it. He will be back in 3 or 2 days. He'll let her know when he gets back. They will meet soon.
Stan is going to take her to Pat&Gill's today. She replied to Stan's message. He will let Dave know how it was.   He will tell him in minute detail how it went. He can't wait to tell Dave about it.
Abby met Miro yesterday at the party. Miro's father came from Albania to the US in the early 1990s. He speaks only Albanian with his parents. He came from the seacoast. He left under duress. He showed Abby some pictures from Albania.
Julie is home alone and watching a Japanese horror movie. Rose and Paula are surprised that Julie is watching it. Paula will come over to Julie's to watch "When Harry Met Sally" with her. Rose will bring cookies and they will have a sleepover.
Lucy's little girl is 15. Lucy has prepared for this for 15 years. Patricia doesn't see things the same way as Lucy does. Lucy is not as good as she always wanted to be as a mother as she is not numb to all emotions.
Dan, Tim, Chris and Martin are going out on Saturday at 8. Tom is at his in-laws party. Dan needs to be home at 2 on Sunday to be ready to drive on Sunday noon. Tim and Chris are 60 years old and they are the last two standing.
Casey did her nails herself. It took her 4 hours. Amelia and Kristen want her to do their nails too, but she can't do it for them as it was too much work. She's sorry she took so long to do her nails.
Sharol forgot about the sociology assignment which is due tomorrow. Kate reminds Sharol about it. She reminds him to do it. Sharol finishes the assignment and is bored. Kate and Sharol are laughing at the situation.    She will talk to him later.
Half of the class is sick at school today, so the school trip is off. Helen has a perdiatrician, doctor Tornez, at the City Medical Centre next to the mall, who treats every child individually and is different from the usual doctor.
Tim forgot to ask Louise if she had seen mum today. She didn't, because she was with Grace. Tim doesn't need mum right now, because he doesn't have anything important to talk about. Louise is fine with that.
Caroline is worried that her boyfriend's mother doesn't like her because she's his first girlfriend. Caroline's boyfriend is 26 and lives at home with his mother and grandmother. He's an introvert and lives in a big house. He used to spend a lot of time at home and is introverted.
Vincent broke his lamp with his bare hand while playing with his cat. He ordered a new one and it should be ready to pick up on Tuesday. He is not showing off, he did not do it to show off, but to repair the lamp.
Nestor wants to buy a new laptop on Black Friday. Olaf explains to Nestor that Black Friday is a sales pitch. Nestor will go to the mall tomorrow and ask a guy who sells almost new computers if he can offer Nestor a good deal.
Vic prefers Facebook to Twitter. Vic and Phil don't have time to write blogs on Tumblr. Vic likes to observe all the fitness accounts on Instagram, while Phil is more interested in news and gossip than in pictures.   . .
Peter and Dan have seen the guy with dreads. Amanda doesn't think it's very cool.    - Amanda and Peter agree that it's awkward, but Dan thinks it's cool, but Amanda is not convinced.  -
James will pick the car up tomorrow after work and pay for it. Sue will transfer the money in to him.       - Sue will pick up the car tomorrow and James will pick it up after work tomorrow.  - James will pay Sue back.
Jess is stuck in a traffic jam in the West Bronx. She is on her way to meet Alice. She will join her soon.   Â. Â   yestarday. yestday, ysday
Dima's laptop is broken and he has to deliver a translation tomorrow at 9. Nada lent her old laptop to her brother. Dima will pick it up in an hour and Nada will take the two days off work to take care of it.
Kelly went to the pub at 2 am and met people from school. She didn't talk to him much, just hi-hi. She told him a few words and he heard from her a bit. He was with someone. He is such an ass.
Adele will come to Anne for Easter on Friday. Adele will bring eggs and chocolaties. Anne will invite Louise and Adele's friend, Louise, as well. Anne and Louise will meet Adele and Louise on Friday at the weekend.
Peggy hasn't got her computer fixed yet, because she spends a lot of time using the library computers. It might be something with the circuit board, so she might not bother getting it repaired after all. Melody recommends her mac model. Peggy will write to Melody if she has any questions.
Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes. Janet is waiting for him. Janet's day was ok, but her boss can be a pain in the ass sometimes. Jerry and Janet are going to see each other later.      .  Â
Mark, Anna, George and Julia are going on a self-organised tour. They are going to choose a 5* hotel and choose one of the cheaper options from a tour operator. They will divide themselves so that they don't check the same websites.
Stanley can't go for the weekend with Del because of work. She accused him of having an affair. He will talk to her when she's back. He and Del have been together for 4 months. The analysis of tasks is not done yet. Alison disappeared from all the media and won't answer her phone. The division of the tasks is on Bill. He is already researching the funding.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her umbrella. She got it as a present from her mother a few years ago. Laura gives her the cafe's phone number: 613-785-4329. Kimberly will try calling it to check if it's still there.
Catherine applied for an accounting position at Pandora. She will have an interview on Monday. Jake has been working there for 5 years and is satisfied. He was promoted twice during that time and the salary increase with each promotion is significant. The company partially finances language and accounting courses and there is a yearly bonus depending on achievements and private healthcare.
Fiona is going to the doctor tomorrow at 8 a.m. Anna will go with her to support Fiona. Anna is very happy to go with Fiona to the doc. Anna and Fiona will meet at the doctor's at 8 am. Anna can't wait.
Dan wanted to wash his hands and the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner and give Dan her address. Dan will do it himself if he gets the right address.      .   andrea will write the owner.
Linda is cooking curry for dinner right now. Kim and Claire are impressed with the food she's sending them.      ...   - Claire and Linda are sharing a photo of what she's cooking.  - Kim is impressed with her curry.
Matt's homestay parents don't treat him well. They take Carlos for the subway and prefer talking to him than to Matt. Matt stays at home too much and they have to pay more for electricity. Matt is staying at his for one more month and then he will leave.
Katie hosted Tim on Monday evening and dropped him off at the railway station next morning. Katie and Ann spent a week-end together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Katie will send Tim a text to tell him where to pick up Ann's son tomorrow.
Sharon's parents are angry with her and she's grounded. Ahmed wants her to move in with him, but she can't do it, because she's still a student and has to go to work. She's afraid her parents will stop talking to her at all.
Today's memes refer to things that are either completely stupid or have no humour value. Rob is not sure if he's getting dumber or this is how it feels like to get older. Tom wants Rob to get himself a girlfriend. Rob doesn't want to.
Mike will get a refill for the hand sanitizer by the restrooms as Grace informs him that the one by the restroom is empty and he will get it for them right away.  He will be back in a moment.      .
Cheryl had an argument with her mom because she forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. Her mom kicked her out. She gave her time till the end of the year to find a new place, but she didn't like her anyway.
David is landing at 17:30 at Sevilla. Victor will pick him up from the airport. Jerez was too expensive for David, so he will be picking Victor up from Sevilla if he can't come to the airport in Jerez. He doesn't have to.
Ann will pay 250 dollars for the laptop. Josh has a bag and a small USB mouse. Ann will pick it up from Josh's place and will pick up the laptop on the agreed price of 200 dollars. Josh will give Ann the bag and the mouse.
Sara will do the washing up when she gets back from the cinema with Jack. Sam will not join them this time as he is going to the cinema too.   Sam sends Sara a picture of him and Jack at the cinema and asks if she wants to join them.
Gary is driving for Uber. Ellie told him it was a terrible idea, but he loves it. He's met lots of cool people. Ellie is surprised that he's having fun. Gary is not good at being around new people, but Ellie reckons his social skills are improving.
Leah sends Kristi a link with a 20% discount coupon. Kristi will put Leah's ID onto the reference code “Direndia45” and Leah will get some accumulated money for the shopping next time. Leah is a smart consumer.
Sue wants Steve to call her when he gets this important message. Steve will call her.    Steve is calling Sue. Steve is on his way to Sue's.  Steve will give Sue a call when he receives the message. Sue is happy.
Andre and Megan are shocked by the news about the bear attack on the zoo. They think it's cruel and wrong to keep animals in cages and they are surprised that the bear reacted that way.   Â. Â   yikes.
Mick didn't get the confirmation from AES yet. Barbara did. Mick will call them to confirm the information.   .   Barbara has already called them and got the confirmation. She will call Mick back.  "Mick needs to call them".
Allison sent Alan the file with budget estimation for current year, not for next year. They doubled the costs in the line "other expenses" compared to last year because their boss had to come back from Japan for the convention, which is why the figure was doubled.
Nate will be ready in 10 minutes. Liam will be there in 15 minutes. They are going for a stroll around. Liam and Nate will meet at Liam's place in a minute. Liam is going to meet Nate in 10 min. Liam wants to see Nate in 15 min.
Duncan has reserved a place in the VIp for himself, Carl and their cousin to watch their youngest cousin win the championship this year. Carl is using a 6 speed hydrolic shift gearbox this year instead of the previous 5 speed gearbox he used.
Terry will take her dog away before Dinny comes to take care of it. Dinny is a little afraid of Terry's dog, but he will let her take it.       in order to be ready for Dinny's arrival.
Anastasia and Darrell have their new school photos taken. They took the photo in less than a minute. Anastasia needed a new photo for her school ID. Darrell thinks school photos always suck and they take them so fast and carelessly.
Kim is going to Seoul in April with Jane, who will be their tour guide. Mark would love to go with them as well. Agatha wants Kim to bring some kimchi, but Kim doesn't want to bring it on a plane, because people will kill her.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died because of malaria in kongo. Darien advises Aubrianna to read more about it.    -   It's dangerous for all people, not just whites.  - darien.
Josh lost his new sneakers somewhere last Tuesday. He thought he left them in the gym, but they said nothing was found when they're closing. He will try to check the swimming pool. Mark will give him a call if he finds them there.
It's Valentine's Day. Bella will probably go to Korea to get regular checkup. Aria will come to Warsaw as soon as she quits work at 6 and will fly to her.    She wants Bella to visit her and her boyfriend.
Wheeler and Sawyer are going to a ball game tonight. The game starts at 8, but the pitch is booked at 5.30, so they need to start earlier. Sutter is injured, so he can't join them. He will try to come next time.
Daina needs to put on her make up. It will take her about an hour. She is a casual party-goer, so she doesn't wear make-up. She doesn't want to go to a party.    Sarah is surprised.
Carmen will be at Viola's on Friday night to help her organize things for the wedding. Viola will let Carmen know if she needs anything. Carmen will give Viola her phone number in case she needs help.    Viola will call her.
Madeline and Alex had a little argument today. They are going for a beer after. They will see each other tomorrow for more than 8 hours. Alex is very excited about it.      .   for Madeline and for Alex.
Betty has been busy and Mom wants her to call Grandpa from time to time to check in on him. Betty will do that.    Mom thinks it's a good idea as Grandpa is always asking about Betty. Mom wants Betty to call her.
Whitney and William are going to have spaghetti alla vongole for dinner. William will cook pasta with clams, garlic, wine and clams. He will add pasta to it as soon as the clams open. He is going to get drunk afterwards.
Maria, Alexander, Martha, Sarah and Lawrence will meet tomorrow at 17:15 to discuss IMF lecture and do calculations. They are due on Monday. Sarah is available from 5 pm tomorrow and on Friday for the whole day. Lawrence will be late, but they can start without him.
Molly has a free ticket to the Muse concert in Cracow. Hannah doesn't want to go with her. Anna wants to go too, but she's not fond of the band. She'll go with Molly and Anna instead.
Tabby has 2 exams next week. Laura passed all exams except one. Tabby will see how much progress she makes with studying over the next couple of days before she goes to Daisy's party on Saturday.  Tabby is optimistic about the exams.
Becky's cat Coco is purring on her lap right now. It took Joel and Trent 2 days to win her over. She scratches the couch sometimes. Joel suggests clapping or hissing at her to stop it. She hasn't scratched the couch yet.
Sosie will be at Kyra's flat in 5 minutes. Kyra gives Sosie the flat number 187. Kevin and the others are waiting for her. They are all waiting for Kyra and Sosies arrival.
Ronnie's waste management works very well in his city. He uses three bins: compost, recycle and trash. The general awareness about plastic bags and plastic straws is high. Ronnie's city was one of the cities that banned them. Ronnie doesn't think people in his state have the same level of awareness.
Tina is still at work. She will call Adam once she's back home. If it's really late, she will call him tomorrow. She should call him before 9 pm, because he won't be sleeping until late.
Natalie told Jane, Greg and Henriette that she is pregnant. Dave is the father, according to Henriette and Greg. Jane doesn't want to share it with others, because she doesn't like gossiping about someone in confidence. Sally doesn't mind.
Nick will buy lunch for Steve. Steve wants anything but chicken for lunch, so Nick will get him something without chicken.       -  -   –  .   --   —   and   n
Gemma wants to invite Timmy and his date to Lona and Michelle's wedding. She doesn't want to get invites to their weddings, she wants to come to their receptions.      .   For Timmy it was hard to choose.
Millie is sick and she won't come today. Sal is sorry and wishes her a good day. Millie sends Sal a message of her good wishes and wishes Sal a good night.    -     -  .
Daisy asks Lisa to be back home before 11 pm. Lisa doesn't have to go yet, so she will be back before 11.    Lisa is not going home at the moment, so Daisy can't ask her to go home yet.
Tina is almost there, she is already dressed and she will make it on the bus in 3 minutes. Sophie wants her to hurry up as the bus is leaving soon. Tina will be on time.    - Sophie.  - Tina's arrival will be soon.
William collected the quince from Noah's terrace and put it in a basket on his terrace. Noah's twins are coming from Nottingham tomorrow afternoon and will visit Sophie. William has a strict regime at the academy and he doesn't have time to get married or start a family.
Harry is going to Ikea. He will buy a white table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, two medium size wardrobe organisers, one wooden spatula, three bottle cleaners, Daim's frozen cake and a bag of meatballs for Sarah. Harry will use Sarah's Ikea Family card 17927192.
Cindy is sad and doesn't want to talk about it. Ellie is trying to cheer her up. Cindy sends Ellie a video that is viral on the internet. Ellie hasn't seen it, but she finds it funny.
Nadia and Jannet had fun yesterday. They will go to the disco next time. They are waiting for the neighbours to forget about them, because it was too loud yesterday. Jannett thanks Nadia and her friends for coming yesterday and inviting them over.
Jeff and Mark are impressed with his new car. Mark wants to be the first one to drive it. Jeff bets him 100 bucks that he'll let him try it out first, but Mark won't let him do it. He's not sure how he managed to afford it.
Ann congratulates Sue and Julie on their success. Ann and Julie are going to celebrate it together tonight. Sue is happy and so is Julie.   .   Julie and Ann will have a little celebration tonight. They are both happy to celebrate.
Kathy's aunt is getting her hair cut today. Kathy is also going to get something done today. Olivia thinks Kathy's hair looks nice. Olivia is just chillin today.    Olivia and Kathy exchange pictures of their haircuts.
Mr. Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. He needs to talk to Claudia, Andy and Mark about their work while he's away and things he needs from them asap. They're all late, but they're starting to talk now.
Den's mother cried over the TV show with Phil and Holly this morning. Jane thinks she needs to get out of the house more. Den will invite her for tea on Friday. He will bring fish and chips home after work.  He will also bring his mother some food.
Ludo is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles in class 3. Ludo will have room enough in the room as there is a huge garden and the building is quite big. Mum will show Ludo the picture of the room, but she couldn't see it.
Phoebe has money. Chandler wants her to open her door and pay the delivery guy standing outside her door. Phoebe is on her way to do that and is angry at Chandler.      .   "I'm on my way.
Max's sister is studying in Shanghai. She thinks it's a good investment. She speaks Chinese. Shanghai has 25 million inhabitants. It's bigger than the capital city of the capital, Beijing. Eliza and Joseph think it's the best investment imaginable.
Russ hasn't read the report David sent him yet. He will take a look at it in a moment and will send him remarks if he has any. Russ should be done with the report by midday. David will answer some emails now.   He will send them to Russ.
Catherine and her family are going to visit uncle Steve. Ben doesn't want to go with them because he doesn't like family visits. He doesn't have any common ground with uncle Steve and he always asks him questions about Ben's private life. Ben will visit them when he has the chance.
Kaya and Clay have been looking for each other in the library. Clay is in the class room. Kaya will be there soon.       - Kaya's waiting for Clay in the room.  - Clay will be right there.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash because he has to finish his report first. He and Alice will go tomorrow instead and wash the car somewhere on the road together.      .   - Alice's car is dirty.
Bert is getting home at 8-ish. Julia will wait for him with the dinner. He will try to be there on time, but he will call her if he's running late, if he is running late.    - Julia.
Steve's dishwasher has arrived. It's a 12 place setting dishwasher. He doesn't have to put it on every day, just every other day. Mum is pleased with the dishwasher and so is Steve. Steve is grateful to his mum.
Michelle is still researching and hasn't updated her computer yet. She's back on it now. Harvey can't wait for her to do it, but she's not satisfied with the amount of information she's been given. She installs bugs on her computer, so she can't see it.
Joy is coming back on Thursday. Bill and Joy miss each other. They can't wait to see each other when Joy gets back. They are in touch via e-mail every day.       "Happy Valentine's Day to you and to Bill".
Cafe Kohaku near Covent Garden is no longer open. Julia was there last week and wanted to take her cousin there, but the place's empty. She went to the Lilly's instead, but it's not the same. Henry would like to go to the Japan Centre.
Olivia needs to do her accounts and get all the incoming and outgoing invoices sorted by months. She also has a few videos she needs to upload to YouTube. She doesn't do much in the way of post-production. She always gets a copyright strike and someone else takes the ad revenue from her music.
Emily has broken one of Linda's tea cups. She was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room and accidentally knocked it off the table. She will take out the whole green set and give it back to Linda. They will see each other in the evening.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend. Tom is buying the tickets. Camilla has never been to Ireland before, but she loves Tom's crazy ideas.   .      - Tom is going with Camilla.
Sandra is recovering from the disease she's been carrying. Stella wants to take her to the cinema. Stella will do some research in her friends' midst and try to choose the best movie to take Sandra to see. She wants to watch an action movie.
Harley and Ruby are discussing the divorce filing of a serial cheater. The wife is taking him to the cleaners. He got monthly settlement, half his pension and a house for his wife's mother. He paid for everything. He also took extravagant trips.
Ken is stressed because of work, fighting with Brad and too much going on at mom's. Ang is listening to him vent. They are going to see the show on Saturday night, then seeing the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo. Ken has to go to work.
Today is derby day. Titus is supporting Manchester United and he reckons they will beat City.   He and Julius will watch the match together. The match will take place at Old Trafford at 7 pm. The result is expected to be Manchester United vs. City.
Dexter misses Addisyn. They haven't talked for a long time. Dexter thinks that because she's been quiet, she's not in love with him anymore. She thinks that's because he's been silent too. Addislyn doesn't believe that.
Jason was absent today because he had a dental appointment, as Susy told Megan. He will be back in touch with Megan later on.    - Nathan, Susy and Megan's colleague, Jason, will let them know when he is back.
Don has a meeting with management board today at 2 pm in the conference room. Catering will bring some tea, coffee and snacks. Andy didn't read the agenda. Cindy booked Don's plane tickets and booked the hotel. Don won't be picked up at the airport.
Samuel is in Laos. He ordered a joint and mushroom pizza. The owner bribed the police to make it legal. Jack loves the "happy menu" and wants to go there too.   He needs to go to Laos now, but he's not sure if it's legal.
Celia and Mike will go to Croatia for holiday. Mike has never been to Croatia. He doesn't want to go to Egypt, because it's too hot.    Celia wants to go for holiday to Egypt. Mike doesn't like that.
Jasmine and Paola love Charlie Puth's new song "Galway Girl". Paola has been listening to it all the time recently and she loves it too. Jasmine thinks the song is British and she thinks it's awesome. Paola also likes it.
Jaz will pop in to Sharon's on Sunday at 2.30 to sort out her roots. Sharon bought the right colour dye on Amazon. Jaz will put it in her calendar and see Sharon on the same day as she will pop into the salon.
Pete will be home for lunch in 20 minutes or so. Ann is waiting for him at the door. He will be there in about 20 minutes. Ann will be waiting for Pete at home for the lunch in about 10 minutes.
Kas will probably tidy up Laura's dreads for her this weekend. Kas will let Laura know tonight if he can do it. Kas has to check his schedule with work first and let her know if he will be able to do it or not.
Jill can't do more than 3-4 hours of work per day. Ally and Jill can't work more than 40 hours per day, so far they have done about 20-30 hours each. They agree to work together more than 35 hours a day.
James and Mia are going to see an art exhibition of Professor Evans tomorrow. They will go to the cinema with Amelia. Afterwards they will go back to James' place and hang out. Mia is nervous about going out with Amelia as she doesn't know her very well.
The readings for the next session of Stephen’s seminar are not in the print shop. Rita will go tomorrow morning and let Arthur and Mariana know if the texts are available. Rita can't buy the copies for Mariana because they never have enough at hand. She will ask them to print more for later.
Ost bought a garage place in the garage. He wants to rent it out and do the restitution of his money. The interest rates are small, almost close to zero. The return on investment is much higher than if he gave money under term savings in the Bank.
Hania has been on the road for 3 hours and hasn't stopped in Zawiercie yet. She will be in Poraj around 7 pm. Julia will pick her up from the platform when she passes Żyrardów. They will order pizza or burgers.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin because she finds him irritating. He doesn't seem to care, but Kaylee doesn't believe that he does. She wants him to leave her alone, but he doesn't want to do that. She's angry and frustrated.
Lara is coming to Marika today. She is very happy about it. Marika is happy for her.    lara will see her today at Marika's place at 10:30.  lar is coming today. lara is very excited.
Mazie and her friends are having a drink tonight. Lee can't stand some of Mazie's friends. Sheryl is one of them. Lee spilled a drink on Sheryl once and apologized to her for it.   He doesn't like Sheryl.
Erin has just baked a cake. She will bring it to Zachary later. Zachary is busy cleaning the flat. He sends a photo of the cake to prove it to Erin that it's ready.      .   i
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. The first two were for jobs at hotels. The third one was ok, but the woman didn't seem to like him. Joseph is going to be a concierge until the day he dies, like in the Simpsons episode.
Sue wants Graham to send her some dates for weekends in the Romford area. Louise wants another 2 half days and focus on motorways. Sue will let Graham know when Louise comes back to her. Graham will send Sue 2/3/9/10/16/17/23 dates.
Brett's cousin met his wife on a game of World of Warcraft. Andrew's favourite RPG is the Final Fantasy series. John hasn't heard of it. Andrew will have to look for new friends in WoW as he can't play with higher ranked players.
Rael hates her job. She doesn't have time to eat her lunch and she's angry with her manager. Rael doesn't know what to do with her career. Zach advises her to consider IT. Zach will get in touch with his friends to give Rael some advice.
Susan had a great date. He picked her up from home and took her to rollerskating disco. She is tired of boring restaurant dates. Jill is jealous of Susan's date, but Susan doesn't care. She's happy with her date.
Pete will come over to watch Deadpool 2 with Joe and the guys tonight. Joe is counting: 1, 2, 3. Pete will join them. Pete and Joe are going to watch it together tonight.       - Joe and Pete will watch it with the guys.
Euodia doesn't know what Tiktok is. Domigo explains it to her. It's a new video editing application that allows you to edit videos and share them on YouTube or just with your friends. It is new and interesting.
Hugh has just given birth to a son. Joan and Julia are congratulating him on his good looks and are very happy for him.   .   - Hugh sends a photo of him to Julia and Joan. They both think he's lovely.
Nathalie, Jacob and Anthony are going to Greece for a holiday in August. They need to be back by August 10th. Nathalie's sister is getting married. Anthony and Pauline don't like it, but they have no choice.
Maria and Lori were supposed to meet at Prudential, but there is a traffic jam and they have to wait for 30 minutes in front of a mall. Lori will be there in 5 minutes. Maria is tired and wants to enjoy the time they have together.
Marta thinks Jay is a pathological liar because he keeps talking about how he has all this money and travels all over the world. Marta has just found out that Jay lives in a studio apartment in the outskirts of town.      Â
Chuck and Ally are not sure about going to Luke's party on New Year's Eve. Telly and Chuck are considering going to Bernie's party. Ally and Chuck want to go to The Spot, but they need to sign up for the event quickly.
Karen passed the exam and is now a driver's licence holder. Simon, Tim and Patty are congratulating her on the news. Patty is a new designated driver.    - Patty and Simon are very happy for her.  - Karen's friends are also very happy.
Gill needs a new peeling. Bunny tells him how to make his own peeling using coffee, seeds and oil and scrub his body.   .      - Bunny's a good friend of Gill and she's very helpful.
Ryan is visiting family in Manchester for Christmas. Chris and Ann stayed home with Ann for the first time on their own. Chris liked it very much. Ryan and Nick wish each other merry Christmas. Ryan calls it a disaster. Chris finds it a success so far.
Bruce's campaign is going well, he's got around 200 backers right now. They've reached 6132 dollars so far, which is a little over 6000 dollars. Crowdfunding is the way forward for Bruce and Oliver. They're going to reach 5000 dollars soon.
Liam will pick up Kane and will pick him up at 8. Liam doesn't want them to be late, so don't get them late.    -   kane and Liam will pick each other at 8 o'clock, as promised.
Kate had a fight with Chris. She doesn't know why she's still talking to him. He ranted about Mexican children being worse than US citizens. Kate doesn't want to be friends with him any more as he has strong political views. Mary thinks they should reconsider their friendship.
Celine went on skates for the first time with Mark. Mia would like to be there with Celine and Mark as it's her first time on skis. Celine sends Mia a picture of her and Mark having fun. Mia wants to join them.
Sarah and Lia are going back home for Passover. Sarah bought her tickets yesterday for 500 quid. Last year they went to Negev. This year they are going to the desert. Lia's family wants her to join them but the tickets are expensive and she has a lot of work. She will talk to her mum later. Sarah is flying on the 28th.
Gene sent a package to Jack on Friday. Jack hasn't received it yet. Gene sent him the tracking number. Jack will check the package.    He will send it to 12345678900 to check if it's still there. It's not.
Miranda has to work 20 hours a day. She wants to cancel tomorrow's meeting with Stephanie. Stephanie doesn't mind as long as she has an explanation.       -   in Stephanie's opinion that young doctors kill themselves working.
Blake will wait for Clara and Jenny on the one platform in Fabro-Ficule.    It's a bit of a shithole, but there's only one platform.  It is the only place where they should get off. Blake will wait there.
Charlotte and Raymond will have pizza and pasta. Charlotte will come over in 10 minutes. She will bring wine. Raymond will join her in 15 minutes. He will have the pizza and the pasta.    He will eat the same amount of both things.
Zack and Dwayne watched a couple of episodes of the new Jersey Shore season. The cast consists of Snooki, J-Wow, Pauly D, Ron, The Situation, Deena and Vinny. Dwayne is going to start watching the second season.
Will is standing in a long queue to send a letter in the XXI century. Chris hopes he'll think twice next time he sends a traditional letter. The line consists almost entirely of elderly people who don't have bank accounts and pay their bills via post office.
Serena and Ella went to the new club in Cork last weekend. It was empty and there was nobody there. Ella won't go there again as they need some more time to improve the place. Tobi and Nicholas think it's a waste of time.
Margaret and Peter are hesitating about going to Sweden for a week in January. Kai advises them to stay in Stockholm and visit the Vasa Museum instead.    - Kai recommends museums, bars and nature around Stockholm, but it's January and it's dark and cold.
Frank doesn't have any special plans for the weekend, but Avril wants to go mushroom picking and see horse racing. Frank will go with Avril to see the horse racing with her. He will come with her even though he doesn't like mushroom picking.
Xander wants to go to Multisports this week. Mel will pick him up at half 10 tomorrow and bring him to Mair's house. Mair is glad to be out of the bullying and bitching and bullying at work and happy that most of her colleagues have left.
Ethan has been to the gym every day this week. He is sore after yesterday's meeting. He will meet Ray at 8 pm at Ray's place. Ethan will pick up the kids at 9 pm and will text Sam to pick them up. Ray and Dustin will wait for him.
Diana is going to a hip-hop workshop. Frann will go with her. He hasn't danced for years. They will see each other in a week. There is a form to fill in at the bottom of the email.
Pam lost her iphone. She will post a reward and post someone's phone number if she finds it. Pam has only had the phone for half a year and it has an option where you can display something on the screen, but she has to log into her account first.
A guy got beaten and mugged on campus. He's in the hospital, but he'll be fine. The assailant had a mask on. Security guards don't give a damn about the identity of the mugger, but it's easy to get on campus without being detected.
Nathan and Deborah are going on a trip tomorrow. Nathan is seeing the dentist after work. Deborah will pick up the girls from school and they will meet at home to have a quick bite. Nathan will be home around 6. Dinner will be waiting for him in the oven.
Casper, Alexander and Igor are not going to the lecture with Mr Linda tomorrow. They find the lecture boring. They decide to go somewhere else instead. They will meet near the university and work out a plan.       They will go to the circus instead.
Judie's girlfriend had a 1000 euro tattoo done at Warsaw ink. Javier wants to get a tattoo done there. He will get it done back in Colombia instead.   He is looking for a tattoo parlors with English speaking employees. Judith sends him a photo of her tattoo.
Jessica and Michael are coming to stay at Sam's hotel on the 15th of August. They will be at the hotel around 2 p.m. Sam hopes that the hotel manager will arrange the best room for them. Sam owns a really nice hotel.
Marsha, Mohammad, Cynthia and Gavin are going on a trip to Madagascar with John. They will stay at a hotel in Nosy Be for a week on the beach. It's more expensive than hotels on the mainland, but it's cheaper than Italy.
Cyprien was born in Jarrow and educated in Loughborouogh, so in one sense he came from there. In another sense he comes from the atoms in the air that Adelina breathes and the food that she eats, so all he can say is "I come from Planet Earth".
Joanna needs to get the coffie stains out of her ecru dress. Ethel recommends Joanna to take it to the dry-cleaner's. There is a cheap one at Jagiellonska 3 that cleaned up all the stains from Ethel's favourite dress.
Charlie doesn't want to have a pizza with Anna tonight because he's still upset about the things that happened. Anna and Charlie will have a nice evening together.    - Anna's and Charlie's friends are happy to see each other.  -
It's cold outside. Kris is sick of it, but has to go to work. Nadine's clinic is getting a lot of sick patients, so it's been rough for her lately. Jason's been running around the city all day in the cold.
Leticia lost her wallet. She needs 10$ to get it back. Miranda and Lora will lend her the money. Leticia will call the bank and block her account. She doesn't have a lot of money in the wallet, but she will have to get new documents.
Paula hasn't got the paper from the office yet. She's going there tomorrow. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon. Paula promises she won't forget about it and will get it on time.   .
Ben and Steven will have pizza tonight at Marco's, as they agreed on the price. They will order a pizza.      Â   y.  y.  .  y   "Pizza tonight?" asked Steven.
Danny took Terence's money. Terence is angry with him because he found it somewhere else where it had been placed last month. Daniel is upset with him too, because he thinks Terence took his money.   .
Levy hasn't thrown the garbage out yet. Lucy will have to do it now.    - Lucy was supposed to do that as per the parents order, but she didn't do it. Lucy is angry with Levy for not throwing out the garbage.
Vinny will lend his Mustang to Willy for a day or so. They will also car pool together a couple of days a week, as Willy has always wanted a Mustang and a red one too.      .
Lindsey has just finished her class and wants to go for another one. She asked one girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her last week. She gave them a piece of paper with her name written on it. Sage and Lindsey are having a beer.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. She'll stay for around a week. Jason and Dory have to create a video for the movie. Jason bought an app and Lucy has a script. They have 2 more weekends to produce the video.
Michelle and Jared used to go out together. Michelle and Kelly are good friends. Jared wants to ask Kelly out, but Michelle doesn't want him to do that. She thinks he should ask her out on his own, because she's his best friend.
Reeve, Winslow, Dodson and Trish are planning to go to the seaside for their winter break. Dodson wants to book a hotel for 3-4 nights for Trish and go skiing. Reeve and Booker want to go skiing in Italy.
Alex and Zayna will meet for a drink tonight at 8 pm at her place, at 8 p.m. Alex will bring a bottle of wine for Zayana. They will see each other at 8:30 at Zayanna's place.
Grace and Audrey didn't talk a lot at the party last night. Grace is excited about graduating soon and considering applying for grad school. She also considers taking a year off after graduation. She will let Audrey know when she makes up her mind about that.
Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake. Natalie is very happy with the results.       - Natalie's favourite dessert is Monica's cheesecake, which she shares with Monica here.  - Monica's website is: www.monica.com.
Dixie wants Jason's phone number but Jair doesn't have it. Jair will ask Ty to give her Jason's number. Ethan will send it to Dixie in a minute. Dixie is going to call Jason.    - Jair
Amanda didn't like Parks and Rec. She doesn't like the actress who plays the main character. She will give the show another try. Vincent likes Amy Pohler who plays Amy.    She's so funny. She's named Amy Pahler.
Bob bought a game and wants to play it with Harry. Harry has no money to spend on it, because he has a broken car and a bad job. He can't think about such leisure at the moment, so he can't play the game with Bob.
Randal bought everything except the nail polish. He doesn't know which one he should buy. The shop assistant is looking at him weird, but Randal doesn't mind.   He bought ballet slipper nail polish, which is called taffy.
Pat is not a soccer fan. Pat likes baseball, hockey and basketball. Pat and Mike want to meet up one day to play basketball together. Pat doesn't play basketball now, but she still hits 3 points a game well enough.  Pat likes hockey more than basketball.
Nate and Julie are overbooked for the first day of the dinner. Nate has to create a new Excel file with all the registrations and feed the data into the tables himself as the registration system is bad.      .
Farrah shared her Fossil collection with the class. Enrique and Farrah enjoyed it. Farrah will come back to visit the class again. Enrique will give Farrah's name and number to the 4th grade students so they can check them out as well.
Thomas is in the tropics. It's cold there. On Sunday he had a walk around the summit of Belchen and got some sunburned. He will let Zoey know when he hears from her.    He will see her soon.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda will meet at the main entrance at 6 pm. Linda needs more time to get ready after work, so she will join at 6 instead of 5 pm as she needs to wait for Susannah to get dressed.
Emma and Daniel are going to Amiens tomorrow. They are tired of Paris and want to see some countrysides. They will meet at Emma's place at 9 am. Daniel has to get up before 7 am. There will be no parties or drinking tonight.
Pet shop has a 10% discount code for new customers. Red and Gray colours are the most popular. Breann wishes there was a cheetah print, but Pet shop has them. Breanna is going to check out the pet hut at Pet Shop.
Hugh will make the base and prepare the pizza base and put it in the oven before he and Wanda arrive. Wanda is happy to have one more thing off her to-do list as well.   .      -
The next ASEEES conference is probably going to take place in San Francisco. The last conference in 1993 was criticised for the high costs of traveling to the place. Chloe would have liked to go to Hawaii, but she doesn't know where the next one is taking place.
Finn's package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to him tommorrow. Finn's order number is 45678 and he will get it from Jim tomorrow.    - Jim's store is located at 45678.  - Finn's package is in the warehouse.
Rhonda will send content for the November email blast to Precious. It's on the Dropbox, but Precious doesn't see it yet.   - NP.  - Precious will send it to Rhonda right away, as soon as she sees it.
Tommy will lend Derek McCarthy an Android cable for an hour. Tommy is in Poland. Tommy's wife, Paulina, will give him the cable. Tommy will put it in his GPS and drive to 67 glenoaks. Paulina will give it to Derek McCarthy at 8:15 pm.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. On Thursday she will give him his keys back. Derek will tell Judy the details later. Judy is not going away for the weekend.    - Judy will give Derek the keys back on Thursday.
Laura, Oona, Kelsey and Sid are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10 pm. Oona will buy the tickets for Laura and Kelsey. She will pay for the tickets back later.  .
Rob wants to start the Get off the couch challenge. He will do 30 minutes of activity every day. Greg, Will and Anna are going to support him. Greg suggests variety of exercises such as walking, biking, swimming or whatever Rob enjoys.
Bennett is in town and wants to meet with Cynthia. They will go to the new hipster bistro Cynthia discovered. It's hygienic and people can bring their dogs. The food is delicious. Bennett can't wait to go there.
Lorenzo has just arrived in Tuscany. Will is on the train in Arezzo. Amanda is still on the highway. Lorenzo will call the guy from airbnb and take the keys to the room. They have a view of the Duomo.
Walker will bring his Xbox console with him to play all night long. He likes the grip on the console.    He will bring it with him, because he likes it very much. He will also bring his gaming console. He is going to play with it.
Laura's mom passed away this morning. Kristian and Anne will come to visit Laura now to spend some more time with her after she has a hard battle with cancer.    - Anne and Kristian send their condolences.  -   Laura will stay strong.
The cafes by the river got damaged with the flods. They want to re-build them, but the cost to repair them is too high. Keith and Adam miss going to the cafes there and they are sad that they won't be able to.
Ana and Carlton are going to see a film by Lola Arias at the weekend. Ana invited Carlton to join them for dinner and drinks on Saturday at 7 p.m. Carlton agreed to come, but Saturday is fully booked. Ana wants to avoid him getting lost on his way.
Bristol Stool Scale is perfect to read in the morning. Henry had a nice poop this morning, so he's not constipated. John suggests Henry should write on his Tinder profile "Never really constipate" as a metaphor for emotions and pretentiousness.
Patricia and Mary are flying to Japan in a week. They are afraid of the long flight, earth-quakes, and tsunamis. James assures them that nothing will happen and that Japan is an amazing country. Mary and Patricia won't be at the coast even for 2 hours.
Linda will not be able to do any gardening before leaving, so Mika will give her some plants for her garden.    linda will have to throw them on the compost heap, which is a pity for her as she will not have time to do it.
Drade's brother got out of the group chatting room because Drade said something wrong. Drade didn't have to talk about it, because he acted like an asshole first. Marenda wants Drade to apologize and send an invitation to her brother.
Kate broke her arm and she's going to the hospital. Greg advises her to call Linda or ask someone at the reception to find out if their insurance covers hospital costs. It depends on the type of package they have and the amount they're insured.
Charlie's sister has just passed her last exam on her Uni. Frank will go out with Charlie and his sister to celebrate it tonight. He will let Charlie know later when the plan clarifies.      .   i   in
Clara and Bella will meet at 7:30 tonight to have a drink and talk. Bella needs Clara's advice. Clara will be at the gym and won't be back before 7. Bella will bring a snack and bring wine. Clara's drive is taken by her camper at the moment.
Jose, Ricky and Amanda wish each other merry Christmas and a happy new year. They are looking forward to the summer and traveling in 2019. Jose wants to be Ricky's guide to Cuba, Mexico, Thailand and more in the new year, while Ricky is excited to go to Cuba.
Susan and Rob will have dinner together after work tomorrow. Susan will cook something special for him.   Â      - Susan and Rob are going to meet at home together.  -   Rob will be home at home tomorrow.
Dominique and Denise have to do units 2 and 3 for tomorrow's test. They will do them in units 1 and 2.    - Denise's answer is "nope".  - Dominique's response is "ok".  -- Denise's response to the question is "what's for the test tomorrow?"
Sharon loves the Ikea lamps that Steph bought. They need proper hangers, preferably from copper. They are not made of copper, but copper coloured. Steph doesn't know where to get the hangers she wants to buy. She doesn't want to buy them on her own.
Anna will call Peter in 20 minutes to talk to him, as she is still at work now.    Anna will call him back in 20 min. Peter will talk to her then. Anna will talk back to Peter in 10 minutes, if she can talk.
Jesse broke his razor and wants to borrow Stig's. Stig can't give him his razor because it fell out of his hands when he was trying to use it. He doesn't want to lend it to Jesse, because he broke it.
Patrick doesn't pick up Matt's calls. Mary gives him Patrick's phone number: +44 7700 900077. Patrick has changed his number recently.    - Susan, Mary and Susan give Matt Patrick's number. He's not mad at Matt.
Uncle Sam came back from work and is doing fine. Uncle Sam was in hospital with his dad. Yvonne and Chiara were in Chicago 2 weeks ago at their cousin's wedding. Chiara is dating a hot Argentinian.
Thomas will buy butter on his way home. Jack will wait for him with cooking until he comes home. He's making a mushroom soup. Thomas thinks it's tasty and recommends it to his friend Jack.      . .
Debbie will bring Helen's laptop to work as she forgot to take it. Helen has a presentation today and without her laptop she can't do anything at work, as she has no time to prepare it. She has to ask Debbie to bring her the laptop.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday and it's dying already. Boston helped her to find out the name of the plant and how to take care of it. Boston sent Jessica a photo of it and she sent it back to him. He looked it up on Google.
John and Annie are coming back to London. John lost his job in Germany. Amber will have to look for a new flat. She will stay at Erin's place until she finds a new one. Annie is not happy with the change of plans. Amber has already started looking.
Vicky, Ludovica, Greg, Audrey, Michelle, Ryan and Brandon are meeting at Fratelli's at 7.30 pm. It's raining. Brandon has just left the office. Michelle will be there in 10 minutes. Audrey can't get a taxi, so Marty and kids are bringing her over.
Kaylin and Amir don't feel like going out tomorrow. Kaylin has set three alarms just in case, and so has Amir.   They will try to meet tomorrow. They are going to meet at Kaylin's place at 8:30 am.
Keira's sister has been grounded for a month for something Keira did. She's mad at her and wants to tell on her. Lois is thinking of deleting her aacount. She created it when she was 10 years old and she's been using it since then.
Natacha will pick Charles up at the Vesinet station at 5:30 pm. Charles has just landed and will give Natacha a call when he'll be there. Natacha will be waiting for him at the station Vesinet. Charles will call her back.
Simon didn't hear Helen calling him before. Helen needs some tissues as the toilet paper is finished. Simon will get them for her as he was on the phone at the time. He will fetch them from the bathroom.   He will bring them to Helen.
It's a real blizzard outside. It reminds Tom of a time when he was hiking in the mountains. He was a student and he went hiking with 5 or 6 friends. They rented a cabin in the wild for a weekend away. He doesn't strike them as the type to go hiking.
Lucy is going to the gig with her best friends. Maggie and her friends will come to Lucy's at 6 pm to pamper themselves. The gig starts at 8, so they will have plenty of time to get ready before the gig starts.
Rose and Jake are going to buy Christmas gifts for everybody tomorrow. Rose loves making gifts for people and Jake and she both love making gifts. They will discuss what to buy when Jake gets home. Rose and Jake love making Christmas gifts. Rose can't wait.
Martha saw a documentary about minimalism and she's mixed about it. Jake thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer, but it's difficult to be mindful about everything you buy because there are so many conflicting priorities when it comes to shopping.
Albert has just passed the driving exam on his fourth attempt. Juliet congratulates him on his success. It's his first time passing the exam and he's very happy about it.  He's going to drive now.      Â
Jaya hasn't seen Ravi's mother in the club for almost 4 months. She has been suffering from knee pain for almost 5 years now. The doctor has asked her to restrict movement. Ravi believes it's probably arthritis. He tried naturopathy, but it didn't help. His mother is still the same.
Lynn doesn't want to have sex with an old wrinkled guy to pay her bills. Steviee, Wilbur, Diana, Justin and Kellene think it's a waste of time. Steviese claims that sugar babies don't sleep with their sugar daddies.
Alice has a terrible flu. She's been sick for 10 days and she hasn't taken any vaccine. She forgot to take any vaccine and now she has consequences. She needs to take more medicine. She has a fever and she's sneezing all the time.
Someone left Marco's Millas present at his place yesterday. Sandra bought it before Marco's party. Marco will bring it over to Sandra's place. She will give it to Millas as a present. She bought it for Marco before his party.
Mum will wrap something up for Steve and give it to him. Steve is hungry, but mum doesn't want to make him anything.    Mum is the best, as she always is, and she's always good to Steve, so he's grateful.
Zariah has a lot of pain in her back recently. She thinks it might be because of the bed. Dane doesn't know why he has such a pain in his back, as it wasn't like this before.      Â
James and Hannah will meet on Saturday at 8 pm. She has to get up early for work tomorrow, so she can't meet with James tomorrow evening. He will pick her up at 8 on Saturday.  He misses her and wants to see her.
Rachel and Caron are going for a drink tonight at Red Lion at 8 pm. They know each other very well.   .   - Rachel will see Caron there.  - Caron will see Rachel there. - Rachel   –
Victor is busy this Saturday and can't help with the event Sara and her friends are organizing, so she will have to reschedule it for another time. She apologises to Victor for not letting him know earlier about it.
Wendy came from Houston and looks prettier than before. Dave is going to hit on her soon, because he hears Jerry is her lover. Mike warns Dave not to push his luck, but Dave will try anyway, as he needs the attention.
George will call Patricia in an hour or so as she can't talk right now and she needs someone to talk to her right now, as she's not able to talk. George will give her a call of his own free will, as he always does.
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He's waiting in Luxembourg now. The weather was good for flying everywhere so he didn't need to take the train. Moe and Eddie wish him good luck. Mario and Klara wish him the same.
Lena and Brian don't want to do the homework at the first class because the professor is psycho. They will see each other tomorrow at philosophy class and Brian will protect them.    Brian sends Lena a poem. He promises to protect her. They are going to meet tomorrow.
Booth went to the local theatre the other day. It was cool and cheap. Elvin got an invite to the same theatre and she doesn't know what to wear. Averil is shocked there is a theatre in the city and is shocked they have a theatre here.
Callum is still busy, but he's sorry about that.    Jair will let him know soon, as soon as he's not busy anymore, as Callum says he will be soon. "I will be ok." he replies.
Jacob will reach the parking lot in 10 minutes. Emily needs to hurry up because the buses are about to leave.    Emily needs Jacob to stop the busses, because Jacob is not on his way. Jacob will be there in 1 minute.
Molly met up with Chuck on Friday, but she told him no and he made up a story about it. She's going to kill him for lying to her and Ella about it, because she doesn't believe he did it. He's a liar.
Sally and Rita like Borns' new album God Save Our Young Blood and Faded Heart. Rita is also excited about Florence's new single which is out tomorrow. Sally didn't know about it.      . .
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. Her therapy is expensive. She cooked sushi and tiger prawn korma. Pancakes and soups are cheap. She should plan her meals better, as Amanita suggests.      .
Haley found an old photo of Bella when she was a kitten. She was about 2 weeks old. Now she's middle-aged and looks like a middle-age cat, but still adorable.    She's so big now that in cat years she's actually middle aged.
This Christmas at Wall Street was the worst since the end of the 19th century, but it's bounced back since. Jeff is worried about the economic war on China and Trump's unpredictability, but people in his bank seem calm. Miranda and Peter expect a global economic meltdown in the early 2020s.
Alexa asked Ethan to insult Hunter because she was jealous of Hunter's relationship with Ethan. Alexa and Hunter will talk about it tomorrow. Hunter doesn't agree with Alexa's actions, but she doesn't have to ask him not to do anything.
Ann has extra math classes at school, so she will be home at 7. Meg will meet her at home.    - Ann will come to Meg's place at 7, because she will have extra math class.  - Meg will pick Ann up from school.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow because she needs to take Emma to the doctor as she has a fever. She will stay at home with her for a few days. Emma is sleeping now.    Ann, Shirley and Shirley's aunt, Anna, kissed Emma.
Iga cancelled her weekend getaway with her boyfriend because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation. They haven't been sitting together since Monday, which makes Adam gossip about it to Katia and Borys, who are surprised by it.
Samuel's language is Telugu, spoken in South east India and there are nearly 90 million speakers. Samuel is 35 years old and lives in Teluguland, which is 23 provinces. Many people here earn less than a hundred dollars a month. Samuel works hard and earns very little.
Jen wants pear yogurt. Pete will buy it if they have it. If they don't have it, he will get a different flavour.    If they do not have pear, he should get nothing at all. Jen doesn't like any other flavour.
Eve, Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance. They will find each other there as it will be too crowded inside.    - Eve and Charlie are going to meet there.  - Nicole and Eve will meet at the best place for them.
Jenkin has been reading about animal spirits. Sophie would choose the Fox as her spirit animal. Jenkin will bring Sophie her spirit animals tomorrow.   She will bring them to Sophie's place as well as some other people's spirits as she can't find them herself.
Daisy is sending Scarlett her RGS application right now. If she has any questions, she will let Daisy know.   Daisy wishes Scarlett good luck with her application and thanks her for helping her out. She is sending it to Scarlett right now as she forgot.
Katie and Christie had fun at the party. They are both tired after the party, but they had fun anyway.    - Christie and Katie had fun, but are tired now.  - Katie and Christie are tired after a party, too.
Sam and Carla will meet at Meanwood cafe at 2 pm tomorrow. Carla doesn't have to work tomorrow as it's her day off. Sam is free in the afternoon and wants to meet Carla in Meanwood. They will go to the cafe that serves cakes.
Lily wants to rent a pop corn machine for her office Christmas party. Daniel will check if he knows someone who rents them. They will screen Love Actually at the party, as Lily suggests. Daniel likes the idea and agrees to rent one.
Louis is looking for something to buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding. Sara is on a boring meeting right now, so she doesn't know what he should buy. She suggests that there should be a list somewhere so that everyone can check what they need.
Chris tried jogging today for the first time in a while. Matt is taking medication that slows his heart rate. Chris doesn't understand how he can run better when he eats less than 1/3 of the recommended amount of food. Matt's first performance after a long break from football was spectacular, but the next ones were horrible.
Eric and Dan watched Punisher season 2. They think the second season was better than the first one. Netflix discontinued Daredevil series, which is a shame for them as they are as blind as Matt Murdock and without the radar. They both think they should have given Jigsaw more scars.
Geri and Hilary will go shopping for shoes together tomorrow after work. They will get some frozen yogurt at a place Hilary likes. Geri will be in touch to let Hilary know if she can join them.    - Hilary loves that place.
The top management is coming from France next week. Jacob and Alex got an invitation via Outlook to the meeting. There will be a formal dress code and cost savings, lean office, lack of salary reviews, and changes for the worse will be announced this time.
Joana and Sandy will play Dixit or Carcassonne. Joana will bring the games to Sandy's place and she will bring them to play.      Â   - Joana's  - Sandy's -
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday. They are meeting at 8th Avenue bar in Barcelona. They will have a drink and listen to the music. Jenny doesn't know any affordable places nearby to go to a concert, so they will go to the one in Barcelona instead.
John and Matt have a practice today. John and Matt will see each other there later.      .   - John and  Matt are seeing each other later today, as they have practice together.  -   Matt
George and Blake are coming to meet Blake and their friends.       George and Blake will be there soon, according to Blake. George is very happy.  "They are coming. ”  “They are arriving.
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago. Rob has it on his desk ready for the first listening. Steve and Rob will tell each other what they think about the album later.   They will see each other later. "See you later".
Martin bought two milk yesterday. He will buy two more in a couple of hours as he has to finish the project.       - Alex is grateful to him for buying the milk. He is her hero. He bought two milks yesterday.
Hansel will tell his sister to text back to Jeremih because she's mad at him for some unknown reason. Hansel will not interfere in his sister's private life anymore.   He will tell her in the future, if she texts him back.
Joy sends Peter the link to her beauty shop. Peter will look at it and ask any questions he might have.       -  -   –   —   --  ...  .   and
Josh spent New Year's Eve with his friends at his place. Emma went to the seaside, visited a bunch of clubs and ended up on the beach for midnight. She has a cold now because she wore a cold-weather jacket. Josh is getting older and parties and dance clubs are not exciting anymore.
Andy is working late until 4. Andy and Sue will meet at 8 o'clock at Andy's work place. Andy will be there by 8. Sue will be waiting for Andy at 8. Andy is going to meet her at 4.
Stewart and Shari don't like the way the current president is behaving. They want to vote him out, but it's not for a while. They decide to volunteer to get out the voters and find a good candidate.    Shari and Stewart will let Shari know.
Lydia added him on Facebook and he accepted her invitation. He is engaged. She is trying to ignore him, but he is still texting her. They work in the same company. Camila thinks Lydia should talk to him, because he will regret that he met her.
Daria got a new job at a law firm. She is very happy about it and congratulates Kelsey on it. Kelsey congratulates her as well. Daria and Kelsey wish each other good luck with their new jobs and good luck to each other.
Boris had to decide who can take time off based on seniority. Sarah is too low on the totem pole to get time off. Boris will amend her request for the following week, Monday through Wednesday, so she will have a long weekend. Sarah will come to see Boris's assistant at her earliest convenience.
Blair and Chuck are seeing the wedding planner at Nonna Rita's after work. Blair wants to order seafood tagliatelle and Chuck wants to have a coffee with her. They both remember the spaghetti pomodoro disaster from their last meeting with Diane.
Alan sent Ruth an email with an attachment. Ruth didn't have trouble opening the attachment, so Alan is sending her another one right now. If she can't open it, she should let Alan know. Ruth has not replied to the previous one yet.
Oscar and Payne will meet for a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour. Payne will join them in 15 minutes and he will be waiting for Oscar there. He will buy the coffee for himself and Oscar. He is going to pay for the coffee himself.
Frank and Hope love each other. Frank and Hope hope that their relationship will last forever.    - Hope and Frank are very happy together.  - Frank's message to Hope:  "Frankly, I love you too".  - Hopes.
Gina painted a parrot yesterday. She sent Luke a photo of the parrot. She needs to send him a better quality PDF to get a better view of it. Luke thinks it looks fantastic and is amazed that Gina discovered her talent so late.
Tina and Steve will meet in the car park to do the shopping together after work. They will have pasta with broccoli, ham, cheese, cream, broccoli and ham for dinner. Steve will be on time and will meet with Tina in the parking lot.
Rudi and Henrietta are shocked by Donald Trump's interview with a congresswoman. They wonder if he will say something that will get him kicked out of the White House, but it's not likely.   The limit for what Donald Trump can say is wdym.
Luis and Cole are sharing a room. Luis doesn't want to talk to his roommate because Cole is sitting a few inches away from him. He refuses to share his pillow with Cole until he tells him to do so.    -
Daniel passed his driving license exam. Kate congratulates him on his success.    Daniel's dad will be proud of him.     Kate's father will be very proud of her sister. She's very happy for her sister, Daniel.
Andrew Simmons sends a list of the individual meetings for tomorrow. Samuel Anderson and Katherine Jackson won't be able to come as they have doctor's appointments. The meetings will take place in Andrew's office, room 104. If you can't make it, bring your plan to the next class.
Rosie is feeling better today, but not good. Tanya was worried about Rosie's health and was glad to hear she's feeling better now.       - Tanya and Rosie are talking to each other today.  -
Veronica does not speak French. Ty needs a translator.       in order to speak with her. She needs a French speaker to help him understand what he needs to say in French.  In French, Veronica cannot help Ty.
Emily is waiting to see her doctor with a nun and a blind crazy man. She finds it spooky and funny.       - Emily's friend Adam finds it funny too.  - Adam's thinks it's spooky as well.
Lisa, Mary and Sarah are going to give Aquarium to their son. Frank will help them transport it. Sarah will call Lisa and Mary later to let them know how it went. Lisa and Sarah can't wait to see his face when he gets it.
Conor is out with his college friends. He will bring Mario a bucket of fries from KFC. He knows Mario is going to pay for it himself, so he doesn't want him to buy anything for him. He doesn't like it when Mario sends him food without a reason.
Ditty came back last night. Inga didn't want to wake Ditty up this morning, because she has some mail for Ditty. Ditty is still jet-lagged, but Inga collected a parcel for him before Christmas. Ina will be back home around 6 pm.
Damian is happy for Huddersfield, because Higuain scored twice. Jacob and Mason didn't watch the game, because Mason was busy all afternoon. Damian and Jacob don't think it will be a turning point for the team, because it's abysmal.
Jay and Joe are going to a concert in Kenya. Joe doesn't have the money to buy tickets. Jay will lend him the money. Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany them. Joe will be the one doing the connections next time.
Robyn drank too much beer last night. Samantha suspects Robyn took drugs. Robyn has never taken drugs and she never takes alcohol. Roby is feeling better today. Samantha wants Roby to feel better today as she thinks Roby exaggerated with alcohol.
Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time. Adam has been to a few countries, but he's never been to Egypt. Darcy and Adam think Aaron should be careful when he's in Egypt.
Gino doesn't know if he should wear the white or the black shirt. Renee advises him to wear the black pants, white shirt, black shoes and blue trousers. Gino decides to wear white shirt and brown shoes. Renée advises Gino to make sure he's pressed, neat and clean.
James will pick Richard up at 6:15 and they will go to Richard's place.       - Richard will be waiting for them there. He will give James a ride. He is going to meet James there at 6.15.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya's school play costume. She's playing a mouse in the play. Ella can't open it. Caleb will send it to her via email via email. She likes it very much.
Javier reminds Marco to sign the attendance form when he arrives so everyone knows he was there. Marco will do it. He will sign it when he gets to the meeting.    - Javier. Marco is happy about it and so is everyone else.
Josh and Michelle are going to the movies tomorrow night. Josh will pick Michelle up at 7 and they will go to the cinema together. Michelle and Josh are excited about it.   Michelle will pick Josh up tomorrow at 7 pm. Michelle will be waiting for him.
Yaz and Tania are going to meet in a pub on Friday at 8ish. Tania has a lot of work to do at college. Sophie and her boyfriend are thinking of breaking up before Uni. Yaz needs to get good grades for his medicine course at Exeter.
Anna studies a lot and finds it hard to understand the world we live in. Ignorance is a bliss and dark humour makes her feel better. Jerry feels the same way.    Jerry and Anna agree that ignorance makes them happier. They try to look for positives.
Jacks made a few bucks on the Poker platform Bulls Eye. Robin is trying to read up on the game. Jacks sends him a few links to some good sites. Robin will take a look.       - .
Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding. He will talk about how Ulrich has been a great friend to him over the years. He is nervous about giving the speech, but Ralph assures him that Ulrich will know he put a lot of thought into it.
Edward doesn't want to go on the business trip tomorrow. Lauren and Kate are stressed, because their boss is coming with them. They are also going to an expo. Kate hates the expo stuff, because people coming to their booth have nothing to do with their work.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Gabriel is at home looking into what he's going to do next. Robert came to visit his old friends. Gabriel didn't see Robert's message. Robert will be around at 3 pm.
Susan's presentation was a disaster. Becky has a fever. Tom will pick her up and take her to his mother's house. Tom needs to return to the office earlier. John won't let him go if he doesn't finish the project on time. Tom and Susan will meet at home.
Ethan, Noah and Leo are going to see solstafir on Wednesday 21.11. Noah might have to stay late at work, but he will let them know if he can make it. Archie is not going, but Leo and Ethan are going anyway.
Marleen is going shopping for a present for Rita. She will buy a yellow silk kerchief with yellow pattern for 39 at Kaiser's. She and Barry will split 50/50 on the price.       -   Barry is at home now.
Johnatan, Darren and Lucas are going to meet for a beer in the evening. Lucas is free in the evenings. Johnatan and Darren want to go out for a drink. Lucas wants to join them.   Â      -
Zandra's daughter's birthday party is tomorrow. The cake is still not ready, so Tricia will send Erwin to get it by bike. Zandra has to make decorations for the party. The food and outside attractions will be organized by a company.
Laura didn't get any replies from Sarah and Rafael. Sarah is on the island of Linate. Laura and Sarah are both staying at the same hotel. Rafael was busy and didn't respond to Sarah's message.      .
Adam has an exam in 10 minutes. Dave and the rest of the students are nervous, but they believe in Adam and keep their fingers crossed for his good luck. Adam has never been so afraid of an exam before.      .
Paul will be home later than he thought. He will call Lena in 15 minutes to tell her what happened. She has her keys, so she should not wait for Paul.    -   Paul will call her in 15 minutest to let her know.
Bob and Nigel like Felix Laband very much. Nigel went to his concert in Paris when he was in Paris last night. He liked it very much, as did Bob and Nigel.   - Lena and Bob like him very much too, too.
There was a cat on the pitch at Goodison Park during Everton's match with Manchester United. There is a video of the cat and the commentary. It's the best entertainment Everton fans have had all season.      Â   - Bradley, Jill and Julia
Ewan graduated. Uncle Jayson congratulates him on his nephew's graduation. Ewan finds the congratulations funny.      .   "How time flies"   and  "Gradiated".  "Gramma"
Daniel, Michael, Matt and Brian are packing for the trip to Bosnia and Herzegovina. They are going to Mostar and the mountains. They will have a proper border control as Bosnia is not in the EU. Brian is going to pack his passport.
Ross and Chandler are going to karaoke tonight. Ross will sing George Michael. Chandler will record everything and he will share it with Ross.   He doesn't want to judge Ross, because he thinks girls will love it too, but he will do it this time.
Poppy and Harry prefer Lisbon to a party. Poppy doesn't like parties. Harry likes travelling for fun and sightseeing. He and Poppy agree that Lisbon is a great place for sightseeing and not for parties.    Harry likes to party a lot, but Poppy prefers not to party.
Brook wants Gyle to come home because something happened yesterday. Gyle is on his way to see what it is, but it's not good.    -   Gyle needs to come back home immediately, because something bad happened yesterday, according to Brook.
Regina, Kate and Milena gave a presentation. 3 people came to listen to it, but they had a good feedback. Milena and Kate think it's better to have a small but interested audience than a random group of people who are not interested in the presentation.
Sean will come over to Barbara's to bring the dog. He will stay there overnight. Zac is on his way to join them. Barbara will let him stay there too.    - Barbara and Zac will be home soon.  - Zac will join them soon.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight after school is over. Quinn has GCSES. Kyle is working for his Uncle Kev at the building site. Kyle's cousin was taken on with an apprenticeship in bricklaying last year. Quinn is jealous of Kyle's job. Quinn and Kyle will meet outside the club at 6. Kyle will get some vodka and cigarettes for Quinn.
Dick is looking for an apt in building 32. Frank will come and see it in 30 minutes. Frank has a contractor that does everything, and he's dirt cheap. Dick will put 10% down as a down payment. Dick and Frank have seen 5 apts in the same neighbourhood.
Mia and Steven are going to watch a movie at 9 pm. They will grab Chinese food before the movie. They are meeting at 8 pm.       - Steven and Mia are always going to meet at 8.  - Mia always eats Chinese.
Lilly wants to go out tonight but Marshall can't afford it. Lilly will come over to Marshall's and they will watch some Netflix.    - Lilly is going to pay for Marshall's ticket. Marshall would not let a woman pay for him.
James is out of the team because of the annoying coach. He has already texted the coach. Tony thinks the coach is annoying at times, but he's good and deserves respect. James doesn't give a damn about that and doesn't want to be on the team.
Stu gave Priscilla's IT friend Alex the Microsoft Office software for her new laptop. Alex downloaded the software and put it on a CD instead of on a disc. Priscila bought the software online. Stu will tell Alex about it.
Rita wants to know more about Helen's client, Salvage Industries. They are into waste disposal. Helen will double-check if they have any PR problems and confirm that they are legit.    They do not. Helen is a dear friend of Rita.
Ginger will come over to Phylis to get some sugar. She's baking a pie and she needs it badly, so she'll be there soon.   .      in the meantime, she'll bring some pie crust.
Robert and Anthony will meet for a beer around 9. Anthony will go with Andrew in the evening. Anthony is taking his lady for a date then.       - Anthony and Robert will have a beer later.  - Robert and Anthony are going to meet later.
Jill is bored and needs to find a job. Nate is at work. He will call her when he gets off work to help her find something to watch on youtube, because she's already watched everything on youtube.      Â
Jake pulled his first TOTW this year. He's going to try him in one or two matches, but he's not a good fit for his squads. He'll sell it and have the coins to buy someone that fits. Tom's pull luck sucks this year, so he doesn't need help.
Victoria and Rosemary are going to record the drums this weekend. Victoria has a tablet with 2gb ram, but it's running windows 10. Rosemary doesn't have a working laptop at the moment, so they need to borrow it from somebody. She has a few ideas.
Jordan got his birthday card and money on time. He got £20 from Cass. He likes Thomas the Tank Engine very much. He will always love him. He is 11 years old now and Cass is his Nan's nanny. She will get him a football one.
Jane will be 10 minutes late. Alex will be waiting for her by the left entrance. Jane took a file with the xerox copies. They hope they will be able to convince the authorities to let them in.   They hope the materials will be useful.
Ken is depressed and stressed out today. He had a bad day yesterday and it's carried over to today. Ellen is worried about him, but he'll be fine, he's just overwhelmed and burned out and doesn't want to bring her down.
Deana got a card from Constantine. Deana found Adrian's sunglasses in the empty place above the radio in the very back of Adrian's car. Phil will look after them if Adrian wants to keep them.  He doesn't know if they belong to Deana.
Alice's dad is coming over for a month to decorate Jo's place. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm at Alice's place to celebrate her yoga class at 6:30 pm. Kim's mum and Alice's parents will be there too.
Kelly, Mickey, Ollie and Jessica are discussing the scariest place they've been to. Jessica tells them about Palermo in Italy where there are the Capuchin Catacombs with 8000 corpses and they can look at them like museum exhibits.
Spencer has a lot of commissions coming in. He works 16 hours a week at a cafe and the rest of the week on his illustrations. He gets around £1000 of work a month before commission and tax. Maria wants to get on with freelancing, but they won't allow it for a year.
Tim wants to organize a newbie gaming evening and consults Joe, who ran the local club. Joe gives him some tips on what games to bring and what to talk about with the guests. Tim decides to start with co-op games and then roll out the big guns.
Richard and Anne have a project due on 15 December. They will meet at Starbucks at 3 pm tomorrow to start planning the project. Holy is out of town, but he will do some research tonight and send it back to Richard and Anne tomorrow.
Gurdun is feeling a little bit better after the flu. He will probably be back at the uni on Wednesday. Russ had the flu three months ago. His team won the last match. Russ and Gurdun will catch up later.
Leo sends Charlie and Oliver a video. It's a prank. Leo's favourite part is at 3:24. Charlie doesn't like the part at 5:24, because it's too much for him. Oliver has mixed feelings about it, because people are weird sometimes.
Mummy and Thessalia wish God's blessing and a happy Christmas for Thess and Mike. They are joining in prayer and celebrating Christmas with them. Mummy prays for God's help. Thess is also praying for God to help her and Mike as well.
JP doesn't want to play with Samara because he has to go to work. They will see each other later.    Samara and JP will meet later at the meeting place and play some games. Samara doesn't have anything new to tell.
Michael can't leave the office before 8 pm today. He will call Tom tomorrow to let him know he can't make it today.   Tom is ok with that.  Tom and Michael will talk tomorrow. Tom will call Michael tomorrow.  Michael will call him tomorrow.
Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich on his way to work as a thank you gift.    Kevin will buy a sandwich for Dan as a thanks for his good behaviour. Kevin will get the sandwich from Dan's favourite place, Kebab's, on Dan's request.
Simon and Charlie are discussing the immigration policy of the EU. Charlie and Simon think Poland is one of the last countries unspoilt by uncontrolled migration and terrorism. Poland has a chance to develop in fast pace and avoid all the mistakes other western powers made. Poland is being ostracized by defending it's values.
Tilly had a detention at school. She will be home in about 40 minutes. Sam is going back to his house. Tilly will call Sam when she gets home.      .   i   in the meantime,
Gloria and Mell are going to have a BBQ at Mell's place on Saturday. The weather is great. Mell's kids are out of the house. Gloria's daughter moved to Scotland. Mell and Gloria will have a barbecue without Tad's sister. Mell wants to extend the terrace.
Whitney and Shadrack will take Hailey to I-max cinemas the day Aqua man is released. Shadrack and his girlfriend will accompany them. They will see each other then.  Hailey is definitely going to go with them to see the movie.
George got a cooking pot for Christmas. Jacob got a punchbag and Jenny got training shoes. Jenny's husband, Michael, is not a good cook. Jenny thinks it's sexy when a guy can cook well. Jacob and Jenny wish Michael was a better cook.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. He will buy and install a new one. Hudson will try to replace it with a new hinge and let him know if it works. He is not mad at Lincoln. He suggests that Lincoln should buy the new hinge as it is cheap.
Katherine is going to bring her around 11. Kayla finishes at 11 so it will be less problematic for her than if she didn't finish at 11. Katherine will ask her dad about it later.    - Kayla will let her know.
Lorena got a new desk and it comes with assembly instructions, but she can't do it. Martin can't help her today, but he can help her tomorrow. Lorena needs it for the weekend, but tomorrow's great. She should be home by 6.
Everett will give Ralph Amy's phone number to Ralph. Everett introduced Ralph to Amy at the pub last week. Ralph is tall, brown hair, weird laugh and has a weird sense of humor. Amy is not afraid of Ralph.   Amy agrees to give Ralph her number.
Ross has to work for 2 hours tonight. Ross and Diane are going to chill at home. Ross' career depends on it. Diane doesn't want to disturb Ross' work. Diane wants to do something to prepare for the evening. Ross wants her to start again.
Ed believes that sex is for married people and only for procreation. He doesn't want to have sex with anyone other than married people. He thinks that all non-sinful living is not worth it and that after death he will be punished for all sinning.
Cristina and Gaya will meet at Gaya's studio next week to discuss the shoot. Cristina is free on Wednesday and Friday next week, but Gaya needs to check her schedule first.      Â   -
Bon Jovi are coming to Warsaw, Poland next July. The tickets start from PLN 250. Matt and Tony want to buy the tickets soon. Phil will think about going with them. He liked Bon Jovi when he was a kid and would like to see them live.
Dan split the food from the BBQ equally between everyone. Ashley didn't have any food. Vicky, Eric and Gerardo cooked their own chicken and asparagus. Sara didn't eat so there are no leftovers for her.    Gerardo removed them from the transaction.
Camila and Harper are going to watch Ugly Truth tonight. They will buy a bottle of wine, a take-away and stay in for the evening. Harper will order a meal from the restaurant about which they talked last time. Camila hasn't eaten anything for the whole day.
Harry will be late for the birthday party. Half of the guests are already here. Michael and Vanessa are still on their way. Peter is stuck in a traffic jam. There was an accident. Peter suggests that the guests should come and join them. May will wait for Harry.
Callan's Samsung S8 has a black screen. It overheats and takes a while for it to restart again. He's going to the store to let them see it as it's still under warranty. He always back up his files.
Jake is in London. Mike is in New York. Mike and Jake are happy for each other and congratulate each other on the news. Mike sends Jake a photo of himself in London and Jake sends him a message of his own.
Andrea can't come to work today as she needs to take her sick son to the doctor. Patrick will take care of him for the next couple of days.      .   "I hope he gets better soon".
Phil is in a huge queue in a shop. He will be home in an hour. Nancy will make an apple pie. She has everything she needs for the pie. It will be in the oven when Phil gets home.    Nancy is waiting for him.
Bryan's manager will send the payment to Piper tonight. Piper will be waiting for it. The client liked Piper's work and wants to work with her long term.      Â  .   -   bryan.
Clay and Richie are excited about Pogba's strike. They hope his form will continue this season as Jose has trust in him.       - Richie and Clay think Pogba deserved to score after his first 60 minutes.  -
Sybille is trying to register her son for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris the 29th. She's angry as it cost her more than 40 euros for 20 minutes on the Delta website. The ticket is not delivered. Sybille's 16-year-old son is stuck in the airport with no ticket. Air France offers him a departure on flight DL140.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara will book the flight today. It's getting more expensive so they want to book it before it gets more expensive. It will be booked today.    - Natalie, Harriet, Lara and Lara agree.  - Natalia.
Hans wants Slade to come to the practice now. Slade will bring the ball as well, as there is no ball at the practice.    -_-  -     .   :D  ...
Holt's sister is 21. He should get her a set of DVDs and some cosmetics for her birthday. Darla, Olive, Treena, Zula and Zula advise him to get her some DVDs or book series.    -
Georgia wants to buy a new outfit. She likes it, but she doesn't know where she will wear it. Summer suggests she should wear it at parties.    Roxana and Summer want her to buy it for them too. Georgia likes it.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow. Aaron wants to go on holiday already. Miley and Aaron are fighting.    - Aaron and Miley are having a fight over who gets to sleep first and who goes to work first.
Greg is coming to BG for a business trip. He will stay at Nina's place for two nights longer. Nina will pick him up from work and he will spend two days at work and then go back to the city. Nina and Greg will keep in touch.
Amal and Amir are admiring Beyonce's Twitter post.   They think Beyonce is wonderful. They like what she has tweeted. She is a great singer, according to Amal. She also likes Amal's opinion of her as well.
Alec and Alexa haven't seen the last episode of America's Got Talent. Alexa likes it very much. Alec thinks she's very good and might win the edition. Alexa would be glad if she won too.      .
Kelly hasn't received the rent money yet. John sent it to the wrong account. John will go to the bank tomorrow and ask if they can re-send it back to the right account.    Kelly's account number is 44-1279. John's account is 44.1278.
James is not watching the game. He is going to work now.   He will let Hannah know when he gets back.      Hannah is happy about that and thanks him for not watching.  "I will watch the game later."
Lilian is at Helen's place because her phone battery died. Her mother has been calling Kevin all day asking where she is. She called them and told them she was at Helen’s place, because she is at home alone.
Barbara asked Freddy to sing at the school concert on Friday. Simon can't find time to practice. Freddy will send him three backing tracks. Simon will play guitar for one or two of the tracks. He will send the files to Freddy via e-mail.
Tommy got home alright. His mum didn't pick him up from the station, so he had to take a bus. Tommy liked the weekend. Wayne will send Tommy the pictures of his kids on their way home. They will meet in the evening.
Tobias and Trevor are going to meet at 9 at Tobias's place for a beer after work and then go to Trevor's place later.    - Tobias and Trevor will have a beer at 9 o'clock at Tobias' place. - Trevor agrees.
Autumn sewed a dress. She hasn't checked the tests for a month because the dress wouldn't sew itself. There will be some photos on the site soon so that Israel can see the whole dress. Israel can't wait to see the photos.
Frances is back from the Vosges where she spent the New Year in a holiday flat in a farm house. She cooked for herself and Ferdinand and didn't spend a lot of money. She sent Henny a photo of the view from the sitting room.
Paula and Stewart hate the game with super hard levels. Paula can't get past 637 no matter what she does. Stewart suggests looking up the cheats online and Paula finds them helpful.      .   "I hate those levels.
There's an ad coming up to be a computer investigator and you can earn almost 80 thou. Bethany can't imagine talking to stupid users all day. She would be on the help desk in no time.      .   i
Jackie's sister called him to tell him she got pregnant. Jackie is worried about her as she doesn't earn enough money for her children. Jackie's sister's plan was to have a baby 2 years later. Jackie feels lucky she didn't get married yet.
Mike, Joseph and Sean are going to the lecture tomorrow morning. Sean has never managed to get up early for the exam. Mike and the others make notes, but they are not going to share them with Sean. Sean doesn't want to go as he likes to sleep more.
Anna has a stomachache. She ate the usual breakfast of cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. She will get Joanna a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves in ten minutes. Joanna will be in her room.   If it doesn't get better, they will go to see a doctor.
Dolph reminds Ziggler to bring his passport tomorrow. He'll bring it, too.  He's cool with that.      Â  .   - Dolph, Ziggling, and the rest of the team.
Kate and Jeff are downstairs in the little room next to the reception. Jeff and Kate are laughing at the huge penis cake made of marzipan and chocolate with balls and chocolate hair that was made by a woman working in the small room under the stairs in the kitchen.
Larry and Kirsten are going to meet with Jamie and John to discuss the vote on insurance. They will ask them for their opinion. Larry wants to see a menorah in the lobby next year. Kirsten will see if Sara has an extra menorah she can use.
Lesley wants Chloe to go for a walk with the dog when she gets home. Chloe doesn't know when she's going to be home because she was going to Megan's house at 3 pm. Lesley insists that Chloe will come home and let the dog out. Chloe will go see Megan afterwards.
Natalie's wallet is in her room. Tobias found it on his way to Natalie's room. Jenny is not home and Tobias is not at home, but he sent a photo of the wallet to Natalie.       - Natalie is relieved.
Phil is on his way from one client to another and Rob is looking for him. Rob needs to talk to Phil in person, but Phil is out of town. Phil will be in Rob's office first thing tomorrow morning and will see Rob in person.
Martin wants to break up with Nicole, but she's busy at work and can't meet him in person. Martin is asexual. He doesn't want Nicole to be unhappy with him. She's a little speechless, but doesn't think it's a problem.
Mike woke up with an allergic reaction. He doesn't know what it is. He has no idea what to do about it. He is worried about Emma. He sends her a photo of his symptoms.   Â. Â   yesto
David wants to get a new tattoo but he doesn't know what to get. Mike wants to go get one with him. David wants a scull and rose tattoo on his back, but he also wants to add something more personal to make it more personal.
Olivia will buy some fresh tomatoes and some chocolate for William's spaghetti. Beth will buy chocolate for after the dinner as well. William is making spaghetti and wants Olivia and Beth to buy some tomatoes and chocolate for the dinner. Beth is on board with that request.
Karen got stuck on the road from the swimming pool to Waitrose. The road is blocked off and there are work vans on it. Peter has to finish the presentation for the repairs team tomorrow at 6. Eileen wanted Peter to finish it.
Matt and Nick don't know what internet connection they have. Matt needs it for the application. Nick usually uses his mobile service and doesn't watch anything when at home. Nick will let Matt know when he remembers the connection.      .
Baron, Gavin and Gabriel are going to sign up for a match next week. Gabriel's tutor wanted to join them, but Baron sends him a link with a link to the calendar. They will add people from their group to the match as well.
Mia, Jennifer, Peter and Karine are critical of Donald Trump. They think he's not as senile and stupid as he seems. They want to change his policies and win the next election.    They hope Trump will be over soon.
Madison and Adam are going to Thailand. Tickets cost a lot, but the rest of the offer is extra cheap. Children under 12 are 50% off. Jordan and Taylor are happy about the offer.      Â   - Madison  - Adam
Tina wants to meet Patrick. Demi wants to organize a workshop on how to transfer from hating men to having sex with them. Tina likes one type of man and Demi likes other types. Tina is looking for a place to rent. Demis wants to take her under her roof.
Winnie's Nanna has broken her leg, so Freddie will have to visit her instead. Mummy and Daddy will come when they can. Winnie will tell mummy to call her when she's feeling better.      .
Mark, Clint and Phil are going to see "Batman New Beginning" this Saturday at 7. Mark will get tickets for them all and will pay for the tickets himself. He will buy the tickets for himself and Phil as well as Clint and Philip.
There is mould in Betty's spare bedroom upstairs and in the dinign room. Andy thinks it is caused by condensation. He will install a fan system in the loft to circulate air to dilute and take some moisture out of the air. Andy will send Betty a detailed quote for the work by Friday.
Warren locked the door on Gina's request and she's happy about it.       - Gina's happy with that.  - Warren's happy to hear that he did that. - Gina is happy to know that he's locked it too.
Claire and Aaron are going to a conference about relations at school. Aaron is giving two lectures and he will be a host. Claire will go to Jo's workshop on teamwork. Aaron took a mindfullness workshop in Berlin last year and it was amazing.
Rob is selling his flat as it's too small for him and his wife to have a baby. He moved in a year ago. Rob is seeing a friend who's relocating to another city tomorrow and offers a good price for his flat.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function. Ethan might not come. Evan will try to make him come. Allison is happy about it.       K.  k.  K   k   - Allison.  -
Daisy is in Naples. She took a ferry from Sicily to Naples yesterday morning. She will be in San Fransisco from 1-5 September. Charlie will take a train to Florence and wants to meet her there. He wants to see Rome, Florence and Venice.
Adele is still listening to the song that Kode recommended to her. Kode has it in his music library for 3 years. He will give Adele the whole album in USB. Adele is waiting for Kode to come to her home.
Leah told Maddie that Ian dumped Claire years ago. Ian and Claire met for the first time about 1,5 years ago, but he doesn't know her. Maddie will ask Leah about it next time. Ian is sorry about the confusion.
Violet is going on vacation and she's going to find a good waxing salon in the neighbourhood. She has ingrown hairs on her legs. She was going to get Brazilian waxing, but now she's scared. Paisley recommends leg waxing or sugaring.
Linda has to follow Suzy on Instagram to see her pictures. She will do it. She likes the pictures she gets from Suzy and thanks her for it.   .   linda thanks Suzy for the message.  lindsay.
Sean reminds Rick and John about the trade deadline today. Rick wants John to get Lamar Jackson, while John wants to keep Blake. John would have rights to Lamar, but the consensus is that he's on waivers, so he's open. John has never seen a team trade a big time player for a QB this late in the season and it didn't help them in the playoffs.
Amelia's mum went on a diet and she gained 5 pounds. Victoria and Lisa haven't heard of this diet.    Lisa sends Victoria and Amelia a link with a picture of her mum's weight gain after she went on the diet and shares it with them.
Carrie has just seen Fantastic Beast. Gina saw it last week. Gina loved Eddie Redmayne's performance as Newt. Alex is considering going to see it this weekend with Lane, but she's seen some bad reviews. Alex will go and see it sooner.
Emily's favourite colour is blue. Amelia can't tell Emily anything more than that. Emily wants to know more but Amelia doesn't have any more information for her. Emily is very curious about it. Amelia is not willing to tell her anything more.
Mary moved to Southampton in December. She lives with her partner, Louis, and her daughter, Maria, who lives in Southampton too. She is a teacher at St. Mary's School in Southampton. She has a daughter, Jana, with Louis.
He got fired 2 days ago and thrown out of school. Victor, Oliver and Sid are happy that he's no longer their teacher. Sid and Victor think he's had it and lost it and is no longer a teacher any more.  He got fired because he had one too many drinks.
Alex likes the flash better than Batman. He thinks that Batman's speed opens up the whole multiverse for him and that he can do almost anything. Pedro doesn't get how powerful Batman can be. He doesn't think that Batman can run as fast as him.
Marek sent Adam a picture of an ass he found in the shopping mall on the escalator. Adam thinks it's creepy for a man to take pictures of his girlfriend's ass on his own. Marek is a gay man.
It's supposed to rain so Daniel and Mark won't go to the river bank parties tonight. They will have drinks at Mark's place instead. Daniel's sister Hannah is visiting. They haven't seen her for 14 years. Mark hasn't had any drinks with her in that time.
Bart bombed his economy final and got a bad score. He didn't study as much as he should have. Adrian didn't do that bad this semester. He got a reasonable grade. Bart is going to re-take the class next year unless he keeps screwing up.
Margot bought a bottle of wine for Nancy's birthday. Yvonne hasn't bought anything yet for Nancy yet, so she's not included in the list.       - Don and Margot are talking about Nancy’s birthday.
Lindsay and Finlay came to Elliot's birthday party. Elliot had a good time. Amelia thanks them for coming to the party and wishes they could have been there too. Lindsay is glad Elliot had fun too. She is happy for Finlay too.
Jennifer and Reece are going to watch Mad Max on Netflix tomorrow evening. Jack and Reese have already seen it and like it, so they want to watch it again with Jennifer and Reese tomorrow evening as well as with Jack and Rebecce who have both seen it before.
Sean has decided that his spirit animal is a tortoise as everyone else has one now. Tiffany wonders if he's haunted.   He thinks he is in fact a turtle and she would be a wasp, which would explain why she's not scared.
Susie gave birth to a baby girl. Mary is happy about it. She sent Henry a photo of the baby. Henry congratulated her on the birth. Mary sent him a picture of the child. Mary and Susie are happy to be back at home.
Patti's cat is fine. Patti will pick her up from the vet's at 5. Greg will see Patti at home at 5:30.      .   for the cat's cage and to check on Greg's cat.
Kate is at the grocery store. She will buy an apple and tangerines for George and herself for school tomorrow. Tangerines are coming next week, so they will have to wait for now.    - Kate has already asked for them.
Sam wants to buy earphones from Lia for £187. Lia can have them delivered to Sam through courier for £4, but it's difficult to collect them personally as the product can only be collected in Garstang. The product generally arrives the next day, but sometimes it takes longer.
Kelly, Meghan and Mary are going to wear red dresses and bright red lipstick for the party tomorrow.    Mary will wear a red dress and Meghan will wear the red dress. Kelly is not happy about it, but Mary finds it funny.
Kate will borrow Emilly's blue handbag on Friday. She needs it for Monica's wedding. Emilly will bring it to the office tomorrow and bring it with her to the wedding tomorrow. She always takes care of her sister, Kate, always.
Gina will come to Monica's office to pick up her free USB. Monica is on the 2nd floor, room 112, and she has a free USB at her desk. Gina will pick it up from the office in a few minutes. Monica has it ready.
Nathan wants to buy a bike in spring. He doesn't want to keep it in the hallway as it's hard to walk around with all these bikes striped to the handrails. Nathan also got a stationary bike so he can be in shape during winter. His goal for the summer is 100 kilometers.
Parker and Jason like DC Universe better than Marvel Universe. Jason has downloaded the latest episode of Arrowverse season 7. He will text Parker when it's finished downloading. Jason advises Parker to bring a USB with him to get the episode downloaded.
Kai is working too much. Michael is travelling a lot. He's been to Argentina, Brazil and Chile and is going to Boston next weekend. He is tired of his job and wants to leave London and look for a new one abroad. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm. He wants to make preserves with them, but Carol doesn't have time for that. Jacob thinks she's too busy to be able to do that.   .
Molly can't think today. It's the silly season. Luca and Molly are trying not to let it get them down, but it's not easy.      .  ?  ,   and   in the end,
Janette has got mice in her kitchen. She doesn't know how to tell her mom about it. Mom is very happy to hear from Janette.      .   Mom and Janette love each other very much and are very proud of each other.
Madison needs Lawrence to write an article by today. Lawrence is not finished with the article yet, but he will be in a few minutes. He will get back to Madison once he is finished.   He needs the piece to be ready by today, so he needs to hurry.
Julia and Ronald don't want to eat with their parents anymore. Ronald wants to talk to Julia when she gets back from her parents' place, but she doesn't seem to be enjoying the weekend. Ronald is sure she's going to piss rainbows.
Agata has a new job in JavaScript. Guido has trouble understanding Agata's posts on Facebook. Agata doesn't talk to her husband in Chinese language because she speaks to him in JavaScript language.   Agata is happy with her new job and enjoys it.
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet for the first time in 2 weeks. It took them 3 months to arrange the meeting. Alejandro will pick Luz up on the 20th of December at 4 PM. Luz told her mum about the meeting and she didn't handle it well.
Sam started the career mode in FIFA 19. It's very different from the one in FIFA 18. There are a lot of differences between the two versions. Sam's favourite game in FIFA is Champions League. He calls it CHAMPIONS LEAGUE BABY.
Ethan will buy a kebab for Damian because he's starving. Ethan doesn't like that Damian doesn't cook for himself and wants to know why he won't cook something for him. Damian will change his mind and he will cook for Ethan.
Adam's flight has been rescheduled and he will arrive one hour later. He will be there in less than 24 hours. It's been half a year since Adam's last visit to Hannah and his family. He doesn't want anything special for dinner tomorrow.
Matthew has a cold. Lisa advises him to drink orange juice and make some soup. Matthew is going to sleep now.   He has an allergy and a virus mixed up with the cold. He's going to rest now and rest from evrthg.
Joyce can't take the car to get Harry. Kyle has to go to a mechanic as his car is making a weird noise. Kyle will get Harry by bus.       He is already running late. He will get him on his way.
Bailey's closet got too small and now the fabric is creeping onto the shelves. Bailey has already bought 4 boxes of fabric. Mikaela had to buy a box at Ikea. Bailey is the master level, so it's a completely different story for her.
Susan spent a romantic weekend with Toby. They stayed in a 4-star hotel near the beach. They spent most of the time walking along the seaside. Susan said yes to Toby's proposal. Melissa will send Susan some photos of the place they stayed.
Olivia is having fun with her grand daughter Linta. Eva will be leaving in an hour to go home. Olivia will leave her with her for a day and will drop her off tomorrow. She will make a bottle of milk and take her to Eva's party.
Jack is 10 minutes late. Laura will wait for him inside.    Laura will be waiting for Jack inside. She will not wait for Jack on Jack's request. Laura is not angry with Jack for being late. She is not upset with him for being 10 minutes early.
Melissa is not ok with men acting like pigs and grabbing women whenever they feel like it. Hailey had a friend get yelled at by a girl for 5 minutes because he held the door for her and said “Ladies first”. Michelle is not one of those fruit loop "feminists" who speak for her.
Zoe sends a video to Frank. Frank loves her.   He wishes her a good day. She sends him a message in return. They are still in touch. They love each other. He sends her a message back in reply. They're in love.
Stefano and Josie like Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum". Josie would like to read one of his novels in Italian, but she's not sure her level of Italian is adequate. The Name of the Rose is difficult for a foreign speaker of Italian. "Pendulum" is set in the 1980s, so the language is more comprehensible, but the content is just as complicated as in the other novels.
Evan cancels his lesson with Dennis tomorrow because he has the flu. He's been off college since Tuesday. He should be fine for the next Thursday.   He will let Dennis know in good time if he can't make it, if he feels better.
Amanda is going to a free concert in the city park at around 9 p.m. Camille will join her. Patrick and Camille are going to go party later tonight.      .   i   in the party.
Bobby is annoyed by pharmaceuticals, medicine and drugs. He was watching a film last night and suddenly there was a commercial of different medical products. In the commercial they mentioned a name of an illness Bobby had never heard of. He did some research and found out that such a thing does not exist. The pharmaceutical industry is worth at least $1.2 billion today.
Dave sends Greg his notes from statistics. Greg's notes are not better than Dave's. Greg is grateful to know such a smartass as Dave. Dave's notes don't write themselves, so Greg should be grateful to him for his knowledge of this fact.
Sally doesn't want to go out with Mark, because she's not feeling well. Mark will pick her up if she changes her mind. Sally wants her character to be left out because she got all her spells and stuff from Mark and she doesn't like her character being killed off.
Joy and Sandy are going to meet on Friday at 11am. Sandy is going for a run. Joy will wait for her. Lina liked Joy's dress but she thinks it has too much cleavage. Joy's husband is not jealous of Sandy's husband.
It's raining. Val and Candy are going to wait half an hour and see if the rain stops. Candy will call Val then to let him know if they can go.    - it's going to be wet, so they will wait.
Ted found plasters this morning and kept them until this morning after his shower. He must look sexy with them, as Susie says.    It's a memory from Poland. It's nice to see Ted looking sexy with plasters, as Aude says.
Kyle needs Lily and Mary to call him in 10 minutes. They will do it via Facetime. Kyle needs to tell Lily something. Lily will call Kyle in 10 minutest. Mary will call him back in 5 minutets.
Taylor is throwing a party tomorrow at 8 PM at his house. His parents are away. 10 people have already confirmed to come. Harry is very interested in coming, but he would miss the party of the year if he didn't have to stay at home.
Sierra and Jeremy haven't received the grant yet. Tomas is broke and checking his bank account every hour. Sierra will lend him some money if he needs it, but he hopes the grant will arrive any minute.      .
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets in Birmingham and Manchester this weekend. They will have sausages and beer and mulled wine. Charles will have a hangover on Sunday. Camilla will try to make it to the markets this year.
Pamela will check the RGS website to see if she has to be a member to apply for the grant. Zoe and Xiara didn't get the grant last year, so they don't know if Pamela has to apply this time.
Ava is 158cm tall. Penguins' average height is 162cm when they stand up. Ava is shorter than penguins. Colin is happy for her.      .   (Ava's height is 158 cm when she stands up.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Bob, Jana and Vaughn are congratulating her. Vaughn got a 65, but she didn't study for it, so at least she got a pass.       - Ursula.
There was an emergency at school today. Three engines and an ambulance came to the school. It turned out to be a drill. Jack is glad it was a drill and not a real emergency.    He thinks it's better this way than the other.
Perry, Marlow, Janet and Forster are planning a holiday to Asia in September. Perry won cinema tickets. Perry, Marlow, Forster and Janet will meet over beer tonight at 8 pm at Perry's place. They will visit Pa first.
Lee is confused as to why the client manager is wearing a suit and a suit jacket after work. Lee pre-ordered RoS CE and got a pet for WoW, some decals for SC2 and a Demon Hunter for Heroes of the Storm.
Boris will bring home the clothes that are hanging outside. He will tell Brian to take care of it. It's going to rain soon.    Boris is not home at the moment, so he can't help Maya with that right now, but he will inform her later.
Barry, Jake and Dave are going to march in the Women's strike. They will meet around the campus at noon. Kelly is coming with Dave and will join them as well. Jake has already made plans with some friends, so they will join him.
John and Laurel will meet tomorrow at Jade's collection at around 5 pm to buy a birthday gift for Diana at 5 pm.    It's Diana's birthday on Saturday.  It will be a surprise gift for her as she forgot it was on Saturday and John was late.
Rachel has a new siamese cat named Portia. She's allergic to cats. She takes medication for it and it seems to be working.    She doesn't want to get rid of her.     Adam is not worried.
After the wedding there will be an after party at Mark's house. Kristina and Matthew are going to the party. They will party till the next day. Bart and Kristina have been to a party like this one and it was great. Matthew is going to party too.
Russel and Diana are going to buy a present for their mother. It's not that expensive and it's perfect for a mother. They're going to get it for her. They'll buy it for each other, as Russel points out.
Amy looks serious at all times. Owen and Neil haven't talked to her. Penny thinks they should meet her in person to find out what's wrong with her and why she's acting this way.    - Owen, Neil and Penny will meet Amy in person.
Rachel and Wai are going to meet at 4 at the main entrance of the museum. They will go to a bar afterwards. Rachel is worried that people won't like her, but Wai assures her that they always welcome new people to their team. Rachel doesn't know what she's supposed to do yet.
Robert is not in town, so Tom can't talk to Jack. Jack calls Tom's a dick and tells him to go f*** himself. Robert is also not in the town, sorry mate. Tom is not happy with Jack's behaviour, so he doesn't respond.
It's Dorothea's birthday today. She's going to meet Tom and they're going to eat something in the town. Elena wishes her all the best and hopes all her dreams will come true. Elena will come to her birthday party on Saturday.
Jules and Derek don't have class tomorrow because someone told them it's Friday instead of Wednesday. Derek doesn't understand the meme Jules has sent him and he's not very good at memes, so he can't help Jules understand what it means.
Ainsley is sick and can't help Jane with her thesis, so she won't be able to help her with it now. Jane hopes Ainsley will get better soon and will help her in the future, though. She has a cold and is sneezing every 2 seconds.
Lydia's legs are getting stronger after she went to the gym. Felipe finds her legs amazing. Lydia doesn't consider that sexist or offensive. She doesn't mind that he finds it so. She's happy to have improved after months of working out.
Mick has never done any student exchanges before. Amka is doing a lot of them. Mick is going to a club with his friends for Halloween, Amka won't dress up. In Poland, on November 1st people don't celebrate Halloween.
Jessie and Karine were at kindergarten. They are sharing a video of it with Karine. It was filmed by Karine's friend, Jessie, at the kindergarten. It's a video Karine shared with Jessie.      Â
Mae hopes to have her dress soon. Cael hasn't got it ready yet, so she doesn't know when it will be ready.       - Cael and Mae hope to have it soon, but Cael doesn't have it yet.
Fiona is in love with her student Conrad. She is 5 years younger than him. Wanda thinks Fiona should do something about it. Fiona doesn't know if her boss would be happy about it or if Conrad will tell his mother or his father.
The situation in Kongo is terrible. The world's attention is now focused on Kongo. Kongo's resources are crucial for the US, for China, for everybody. The elections were not done properly, as John and Tim say. Kongos are the same story all the time.
Margaret and Evans will meet on 4th and 11th of December at 10:00 and 11:00. They might meet on 18th, but Evans might not be in town. If not, they will see each other on 17th or 14th.
Bradley has a busy day at work. Joanne wants to talk to him, but he's busy. He will talk to her later.  He will let Joanne know what he has to tell her.    -
Iris's husband is famous. Pete will be home in 1 hour. Iris's parents are happy that Pete found a decent man.      .   "1 interview" doesn't make Pete famous, but it means a lot to Iris.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. The expense involves a person who has left the group, so it can't be edited. Luke, Ken, Gerardo, Julia and George are going to stay in the splitwise group until the end of the month, so they will pay more for gas.
Ola is running late. She should be free by 8. Kurt will call her if she's still free by that time. Ola will call Kurt back.       - Ola is free at 8.  - Kurt is available.
Conny has to write a paper for next week. She did some research on the internet. Fitz suggested she should go to the library. Conny will go to library.  He might find it fun, but he won't go there himself.
Louis and Archie think Melanie looks like Melanie when she had curly hair. Louis thinks she looks gorgeous with straight hair now.   He has the right to have an opinion even if it's wrong. It's his right to think what he wants even if he thinks it is wrong.
Carly and Cindy are laughing at the fact that she asked him to do something so stupid. Carly has talked to Cindy later about it and they both agree that she did it.   Â. ÂÂÂŚĝŚŚ
Kirsten is going bowling with her youth group this Friday at 7 pm. They will meet up and then go bowling together. Alex will be there.   He will not be late. He will see Kirsten later. She will see him later.
Sam doesn't think he likes her because he doesn't talk to her at all. Cathy and Kate think he does. Sam will talk to him tomorrow and find out if it's the truth.       - Cathy and Sam are friends.
Jess had a dream last night that she was a lion tamer. Charlie and Lynn don't believe in dreams. Lynn thinks dreams reflect our subconsciousness. Charlie claims that when we see strangers in our dreams, we must have seen them somewhere before and the brain uses them when it dreams.
Charles is worried about his gluten intolerance. He feels bloated and bloated and he's gaining weight. He should stop eating gluten for a month and see if he feels better. Monica stopped drinking coffee with milk and she feels better now. Jack's friend had a blood test and she's fine.
Ulysses got an A, Peter and Julia got a B. Martha can check their grades on the course page of the website Julia recommends.      .   - Julia, Ulysses and Martha's grades are available online.
Andrew doesn't like the Polish joke about sinking a battleship in water, because it made his mouth dry and he has to take a sip of water.      .   "Shoot it, bomb it, or put it in water" is a joke.
Linda missed the train. The next one is in one hour. It cost 80 euros. She will return to Amsterdam. She was shocked to miss the train and to pay 80 euros for a return ticket. She is shocked to have to pay that amount.
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture. They are from Crazy Lenses. They have reasonable prices and very fast shipping. Martha will check them out. They don't know each other, but Martha would like to buy similar lenses.
Linda is on a flower market looking for flowers for her mother. She will buy tulips, roses, freesias and carnations for her mum. Michael recommends her to buy them.    He doesn't like carnations, but he thinks they're boring.
Tim is running late. He will be here in about 20 minutes. Gary will try and delay the main presentation for Tim.    Gary is already on it. He'll make some small talk and try to delay the presentation. Gary is on his way.
Marcus will pick up Mark from the airport on Thursday at 4 pm. Anna will call him and give him Leslie's number. Marcus has a meeting at 1 pm, so he can't make it. He will call Leslie and ask him to pick him up.
Lewandowska is hospitalized with measles. Anyone who had contact with her within the last couple of days must get vaccinated. Joanna will try to get vaccinated before work on the 18th, but she doesn't have a lot of time as she has just started working.
Thelma doesn't have anything to wear. Louisa will bring her a red velvet dress.      .   :O  :D   - Louisa's wardrobe is full of clothes, but she has to look wonderful.
Joseph will take his car to the opera instead of taking a taxi as it's more convenient for him and Megan. He will pick Megan up after work. He is going to see the opera with her in his car. They will take a taxi to the theatre.
Carl is waiting for Meg, but she needs 5 more minutes as she has lost her key somewhere.    - Carl is still waiting for her, but Meg is still not with him, because she's lost the key somewhere and she needs more time.
Kim and Ben will meet tonight for pizza and coke. Kim will give Ben a rain check as he is having a downtime and is looking for programmers on the internet. Kim and Ben are going to meet tonight. Kim is going to wait for Ben on the phone.
Stanley is alive and well despite being mistaken for Stan Lee by autocorrect. Everyone is posting about Stan Lee's death right now because of the news about him being killed by autofill. Jack is sad about it and so are Oliver and Stanley.
Maria is tired of her job. Anastasia and Felix try to calm her down, but she's not going to change her mind. She doesn't want to make a decision in this rash way.    - Maria is not happy with her job anymore.
Ryanair cancelled 400,000 more flights affecting 399,999 passengers. Luke has booked another flight with easyjet. Elijah's 2 flights are confirmed for now. Ava hopes Ryanair will send her a voucher for the cancelled flights, but Elijah doesn't think they will.
Rachel's aunt was in an accident. She's bruised but fine. Some jackass was speeding and didn't see the red light. He's going to pay for the rehabilitation. Jessica wants Rachel to give her aunt a hug. Rachel will do it.
Monica got drunk at the office party two months ago and became really friendly with Ross. Monica is pregnant. Ross is happily married. Michelle and Rachel will keep Rachel posted about Monica's pregnancy and Ross' marriage. Michelle will find out more about it.
Luke had a bad day surfing today. There were no waves, 3 wipeouts and 1 surfboard to the head. Low tide is at 2:22 pm tomorrow. Mid tide is generally the best time to surf as you can see the rocks better.
Benjamin couldn't attend Friday night's basketball game because his mom is sick. His team won the game 101-98. Benjamin will go to the next one next weekend.    He will tell his mom to get better quickly. Alex hopes she gets better too.
Jamilla reminds Kiki and Yoyo that the audition starts at 7.30 PM on Antena 3, which is on radio station Röger that. Kiki asks Jamilla to tell him which station it's on. Yoye reminds him that it's roger that, too.
Marta accidentally sent Agnieszka and Weronika a gif by accident. They are laughing at her now.    - Agniyszka is relieved that Marta didn't send something from her gallery instead.
There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham and about 8000 fans showed up for it. British media made some negative comments about it. A host from LBC tried to find an answer to an unanswerable question: "Who is James Charles?". James called him and introduced himself on air.
Rachel sends Janice a list of the Top 50 Best Films of 2018. Janice has watched almost all of them. She has watched Deadpool 2 and Avengers twice. Her boyfriend forced her to watch both films. She is the best girlfriend in the world according to Janice.